Timothy Sackton: In the middle of the oldest part of charting the spire have a great.
Timothy Sackton: The spire of the great library stretches more than 700 feet twisting into the air.
Timothy Sackton: From its lofty heights where you can see many of the smaller towers, the scattered.
Timothy Sackton: halls and colleges that make up the university laid out when he might even imagine the long history of this place from the founding of the great library nearly 1000 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: To the growth of the university after the phone drink or the founding of the Council of magic that at charity magic to help regularly magical training and the growing Academy.
Timothy Sackton: And finally, in the loss and pain after the Great War, the founding of the open society of the open school to preserve and protect magical and excellent Eric knowledge in the aftermath of that devastation.
Timothy Sackton: From the lofty heights of the spire the bustle of students faculty tutors and others coming and going from the University.
Timothy Sackton: proceeds open this layers of history and into this activity come five adventures notable as it's rare to see an hour traveling with two dwarves half length and the human is this.
Timothy Sackton: They have had a productive time and chart and so far learning that one of the artifacts they seek the chalice of the reading priests is now possessed by a man named galen on the Faculty of magic a dabbler in the dangerous business of experimental metaphysics.
Timothy Sackton: But other eye of the storm giant ragnar seems to be in the keeping of a man named faster, one of the rich patrons of many expeditions although no one can seem to agree how he got as well.
Timothy Sackton: As you leave the chapter House a quiet student tavern.
Timothy Sackton: And had towards the nearest toss you can connect with the disgrace to her name is amazed know something of the mysterious people in the forest to the east.
Timothy Sackton: A young Durban student barely passed as costs are many cakes pity on you and needs you to staples tall.
Timothy Sackton: Suppose Hall, is one of the original colleges of the university I love for a long time it was one of the most powerful and famous of the colleges that make up the University of charge, and since the Great War and the rise of the imperial power.
Timothy Sackton: influence of many of the ancient religious orders has diminished.
Timothy Sackton: And so to as their wealth and power and the upkeep and prestige of the colleges, they have supported.
Timothy Sackton: But Orban student leads you to a small lecture room in an ancient building now in need of extensive repairs.
Timothy Sackton: at the front of the room.
Timothy Sackton: A disheveled man.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe in his 40s scraggly black hair tied back in need of a shave with a got hungry look in his eyes his reading the salt trophy from a text on object.
Timothy Sackton: To for students in the room.
Timothy Sackton: But as you enter and the dwarf, the young door scurry is the way he slowly trails off to nothing and turns to stare at you.
Timothy Sackton: This man is apparently looks up and says aggravated and glancing over your Armor and you're.
Timothy Sackton: traveling cloaks and.
Timothy Sackton: clear signs of if not extravagant wealth, at least power and skill.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: Why are you disturbing my meter lessons.
Timothy Sackton: But do such clearly powerful men and women want with me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're interested in your research.
Timothy Sackton: To talk again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Quite the opposite.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: walks over extends his hand kenzo from Dunbar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Quite curious about your work from 20 years ago about a group of worshippers in the forest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of the old here of the Great War right.
Timothy Sackton: Why would you want to bring up that.
Timothy Sackton: Painful time he looks over at the students and says go go classes over for today.
Schwartz: will be pops up and says this, the less student first out of the room because we're headed up river and we want to know what we're getting into.
Timothy Sackton: it's been a long time.
Timothy Sackton: Put that behind me.
Timothy Sackton: Even if the rest of the world well.
Mike Sackton: um quick.
Mike Sackton: We know why he's a white did we could do we know some background of I forgetting some background tears this.
Timothy Sackton: All he was accused of using enchantment magic to trick in subjects than to talking to him discredited.
Timothy Sackton: And the end, therefore, he was like a Gala I mean off hours like he was a very promising young scholar until he.
Timothy Sackton: trick is subjects into talking with enchantment magic which is outlawed in charge them right.
Mike Sackton: So, so the theory is nobody believes that nobody believes what he said they think it was all just kind of made up.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody believes that and though the book, only a few copies were ever written and which is why Denmark only got only got a copy recently, even though it's written 20 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: And he was discredited and never appointed to any to the Faculty in history and ended up as an undergraduate tutor with clearly not a very.
Timothy Sackton: Popular classes and clearly not a very prestigious college.
he'll mess, with the irs.
Mike Sackton: This case having brb was a bit corrupt.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will say.
Mike Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: The news of.
Mike Sackton: The new news of your travels has only reached some parts of the world recently in Denmark, for example, we only recently heard of this of this tale, and I think you'll find that.
Mike Sackton: Not everybody has the same reaction that the.
Mike Sackton: folks here in charleston may have.
Mike Sackton: had some of us believe that.
Mike Sackton: What you saw was real.
Timothy Sackton: So why.
Timothy Sackton: Do you have power here can you change this.
Timothy Sackton: way it says now hand around for them empty the now empty room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, one thing we can do we're going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: force that you described in your research and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We want to learn what we can from you and we can bring back perhaps and Edit in second exonerate you than.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would love your help, and we would love to learn more about your work.
Schwartz: Much.
Timothy Sackton: sort of looks around make out.
Timothy Sackton: Any one of you making anyone down with or kendra where i'll be making persuasion phone.
Mike Sackton: Let me make.
Timothy Sackton: One of you pick one of you make it with advantage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i've only got plus one.
Mike Sackton: I am much a.
persuasive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are you so persuasive.
Mike Sackton: That 20 charisma.
Mike Sackton: That was is by far the most correct.
Mike Sackton: charismatic person in this group.
Mike Sackton: As that.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: He looks around.
Timothy Sackton: He looks over it at dowell status.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: reluctant to.
Timothy Sackton: bring up those old wounds but.
Timothy Sackton: You would vouch for me, maybe, and now.
Timothy Sackton: The true history of these people.
Timothy Sackton: ladder, perhaps.
Mike Sackton: And then I will be fine I would be.
Mike Sackton: glad to provide whatever written support, I could based on our findings.
Mike Sackton: It is a.
Mike Sackton: Quite.
Mike Sackton: believable to us that.
Mike Sackton: ride might be working in the woods somewhere given some stories we've heard or even visions we've seen.
Timothy Sackton: You misunderstand.
Timothy Sackton: Although.
Timothy Sackton: I would.
Timothy Sackton: That part of my life has gone.
Timothy Sackton: I am curious.
Timothy Sackton: I have never given.
Timothy Sackton: i've never forgotten that journey, but if you were to write a letter vouching for my skill as a tutor from an Elf.
Timothy Sackton: The quality of students here would improve quite a bit.
Mike Sackton: I understand now I apologize for misunderstand a year needs, of course, that would be something we could do.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps, perhaps a.
Mike Sackton: working lunch, where you present your brilliant skills as a lecturer telling us all about your your journey and we will then write a glowing review.
Timothy Sackton: That.
Timothy Sackton: As long as you're buying that sounds fine to me.
Timothy Sackton: Come.
Timothy Sackton: let's go, those are quiet place around the corner.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, she got come.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: See.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's going to be menu to i'm going to try to draw more very nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love it.
Mike Sackton: that's cool.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah that's awesome.
Timothy Sackton: that's awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: The library.
Timothy Sackton: The great library and all the other towers I love that.
Nice.
Timothy Sackton: So he takes you around the corner and you settle into it's it's like two in the afternoon and so it's a there's not that many people there um he orders to lunches.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: started Grad student yeah.
Mike Sackton: I will try to catch the way to whoever's bringing him lunch right.
Mike Sackton: i'll just i'll like try and catch their eye and say you know, bring big portions of tip you well kind of thing.
Timothy Sackton: And he sits down and he he eats for a minute before he.
Timothy Sackton: Before he says anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is he human.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's a human.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's it look like again.
Timothy Sackton: he's like mid 40s sort of thin.
Timothy Sackton: face.
Timothy Sackton: stubble a few days, three, four days and stubble with little flecks of light in it.
Timothy Sackton: sunken kind of got eyes, he clearly looks like he doesn't get it doesn't have frequent large meals black hair that's kind of scraggly and tied back in our short tail.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe fairly tall like almost six feet.
Timothy Sackton: But not not wearing nice clothes like he's wearing dingy like you know Gray robes that are clearly haven't been patched in places and not not.
Timothy Sackton: You know in frequently monitored that sort of thing.
Timothy Sackton: So, as he, as he eats for a minute he kind of size.
Timothy Sackton: This is 25 years ago.
Timothy Sackton: I grew up.
Timothy Sackton: So I grew up in aren't dumb.
Timothy Sackton: near the the crimson forest in the Elder word and I.
Timothy Sackton: You know, I was always curious.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: buzzer crew a tribe of the dedicated people would come trade and you know they.
Timothy Sackton: claimed anyway, the stories they told was.
Timothy Sackton: How they were the first people to settle tiger.
Timothy Sackton: They lived in these words since the empire, as of the House.
Timothy Sackton: So when I came to chart in and studied history, it was it was natural, but I would.
Timothy Sackton: I would want to go back and see what was true and what was met.
Timothy Sackton: So much was lost in the wars, though.
Timothy Sackton: You know the battles against how goblins and Trolls and.
Timothy Sackton: When the dragons attacked.
Timothy Sackton: drove back the chart in cardone and forces.
Timothy Sackton: cross the pasta.
Timothy Sackton: devastating battle of shadow fire close to chart and.
Timothy Sackton: nobody's ever really ventured back into the woods after that was 150 years ago almost 200 years ago now.
Timothy Sackton: there's stories of course.
Timothy Sackton: So I went the other one.
Timothy Sackton: went up their eyes on river.
Timothy Sackton: spent six months at the Plaza cool earning your trust learning about.
Timothy Sackton: A way of life and.
Timothy Sackton: You know how they lived in the eaves of the Elder would the.
Timothy Sackton: myths of the dental Chi that people have the gods and their tongue.
Timothy Sackton: Supposedly, the first few minutes to leave car long before the downfall.
Timothy Sackton: They claim that there were ones for us that stretched from.
Timothy Sackton: donmar.
Timothy Sackton: The deserts now to the south, all the way North beyond the edge of the.
Timothy Sackton: Of the cercone an empire before the downfall.
Timothy Sackton: They said they're people remembered.
Timothy Sackton: Even beyond.
Timothy Sackton: Far North is the land of fire and ice where the sun never sets and summer.
Mike Sackton: Those claims are true.
Mike Sackton: The helps also remember.
Timothy Sackton: Of course, he would.
Timothy Sackton: So I spoke with them.
Timothy Sackton: I learned a little bit of their worship of Bhutan she the spirits of the forest that bring their pair prayers to I need our creator.
Mike Sackton: made Helen is a need, of the same word for the creator that have a scar used yep.
Timothy Sackton: from them, I learned of stranger things in the heart of the forest that out of wood, the.
Timothy Sackton: oldest have the most impact of these ancient forests.
Mike Sackton: All that sorry went aside i'm going to say a short order by breath prayer to have a scar and try and see tell him to listen.
Mike Sackton: and try and wake I don't know how to do this, particularly but, like, I want to try and.
Mike Sackton: Somehow.
Mike Sackton: Make it so that he can try and listen.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: so nice continues.
Timothy Sackton: I convinced, one of them was a key to take me salad cross the chasm.
Timothy Sackton: spent two years living with another tribe.
Timothy Sackton: They taught me more about the tonchi but the small sacrifices that bring prayers and magic.
Timothy Sackton: They taught me about their history.
Timothy Sackton: Other people had one stretched.
Timothy Sackton: per thousand miles or more, North and South.
Mike Sackton: As he's talking about small sacrifices things all like clear little bowl of something and pour some water into a.
Mike Sackton: White just as a still water stream kind of thing.
Mike Sackton: Is sort of enter a little better meditative state.
Timothy Sackton: He is at the moment he's kind of lost in.
Mike Sackton: This yeah no i'm not.
Timothy Sackton: not really paying attention.
Mike Sackton: not expecting it to be paying attention.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And TIM Kansas recording all of this, as well for a fish MMA story.
Timothy Sackton: i'm great.
Timothy Sackton: He pauses for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: I wanted to find what was at the heart of the forest.
Timothy Sackton: I thought that would.
Timothy Sackton: make my name.
Timothy Sackton: And I guess that turned to be my downfall.
Timothy Sackton: Because men would take me they said ruins of Alvin cities hidden in the trees scars cut across the land by some evil were trees are no longer grow haunted battlefields with the rest with spirits of dental Chi and Chair during the ins and outs of like.
Timothy Sackton: fought against have goblins and Trolls and even dragons and endless battle.
Mike Sackton: One of the questions which side of the mountains was dealt with.
Timothy Sackton: This side.
Timothy Sackton: I mean this was.
Timothy Sackton: Right like.
Timothy Sackton: Pandora is not sure much armies were up North right it's not on the map.
Timothy Sackton: right but da with was would have been fighting some significantly north of where he's talking about so this.
Timothy Sackton: Wait where's my this like southern for us here is the Elder.
Right okay.
Timothy Sackton: So this is the town, the city where he grew up.
Mike Sackton: and probably dealt with would have been fighting up like here so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah something like that this area up here is now referred to as the crimson forest after the.
Timothy Sackton: blog of the hours that ran ran a boat wars there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Was gonna ask about that okay.
Timothy Sackton: So that's like that's like like north of the river, and this is like South of the river is that.
Timothy Sackton: Whether they were so nice continuous whether they were.
Timothy Sackton: scared or.
Timothy Sackton: cautious or just just trusted me.
Timothy Sackton: None would guide me.
Timothy Sackton: So I resorted to magic.
Timothy Sackton: I brought with me some chain light spells.
Timothy Sackton: And I used one to charm a guide to compel cooperation for 30 days.
Timothy Sackton: and asked him to lead me.
Timothy Sackton: To the tribe, the people who lived at the heart of the Elder would.
Timothy Sackton: know the source of the guys on the river.
Timothy Sackton: I never.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing I recorded, with no stories I brought back wherever compound.
Timothy Sackton: Simply the cooperation of a guide.
Timothy Sackton: But when that enchantment was off they turned on me.
Timothy Sackton: And I fled.
Timothy Sackton: And rumors spread among the dinner I have.
Timothy Sackton: Now is the charmer night is the cursed one.
Timothy Sackton: Those stories got back to chart on.
Timothy Sackton: But I learned from Georgia, though God color at that time that.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: The people there who lived in the.
Timothy Sackton: At the source of the cars and they call themselves the tech who are.
Timothy Sackton: Only worship one God not like the other tribes who worship many small spirits.
Timothy Sackton: This spirit.
Timothy Sackton: They called.
Timothy Sackton: They called ry.
Timothy Sackton: They also referred to them as.
Timothy Sackton: or believed or.
Timothy Sackton: What.
Timothy Sackton: Georgia told me was that there wasn't great tree there had fallen in the deepest part of the woods and.
Timothy Sackton: The God the old god of the Elder would the spirit that had been destroyed the spirit of the ancient great trees that was thought to quiz to have been lost when their ancestors were driven from their homelands and the older word during the the wars, right after the fall of shabbat.
Timothy Sackton: Had.
Timothy Sackton: Come back had been revived in this tree.
Timothy Sackton: Now, calling himself right instead of.
Timothy Sackton: Simply as old name.
Timothy Sackton: Georgia said that right or a cmt.
Timothy Sackton: spoke with him through.
Timothy Sackton: dreams.
Timothy Sackton: There was something there was a.
Timothy Sackton: The heart of the tree they call that something they found some physical object from this tree.
Timothy Sackton: That when the god color possessed that.
Timothy Sackton: would allow.
Timothy Sackton: right to speak some.
Timothy Sackton: Through some magic or prayer to them in their dreams.
Timothy Sackton: And this God.
Timothy Sackton: rye or asante has kept the kula safe for.
Timothy Sackton: several generations now I guess longer had been.
Timothy Sackton: 30 been three generations, when I spoke with Georgia and it's been 25 years since.
Timothy Sackton: There was some evil, they would not speak of something that.
Timothy Sackton: lurked in the woods that saying speaking its name summon dead and that even.
Timothy Sackton: Right or you could not keep them safe, it was summoned but.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he was there, he kept them hidden.
He was nurse.
Timothy Sackton: is empty.
Timothy Sackton: protected their tribe protected their village and their homeland this evil thing they said too often the East and it first came to their lands in disguise.
Timothy Sackton: Soon after a Cindy was restored speaking with honey tongue and asking for.
Timothy Sackton: right spirit, for us, in the spirit, asking for the heart of the tree.
Timothy Sackton: And then threatening otter destruction, when it was refused.
Timothy Sackton: And their myth tells them, it was only a desperate prayer to.
Timothy Sackton: A cmt to try to hide them kept.
Timothy Sackton: That kept them alive from this creature, and now.
Timothy Sackton: They say the power right keeps them hidden from the world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you seen this truth.
Timothy Sackton: They would not allow outsiders to see it.
Timothy Sackton: Even with my charm the guide could not take me.
Mike Sackton: with you.
Mike Sackton: was finding the way difficult without a guy.
Mike Sackton: Could you.
Mike Sackton: Did you draw a map if we wanted to return to this village.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not sure it was possible with rise protections around this tribe.
huh.
Mike Sackton: Where did you find you the guy.
Timothy Sackton: there's many tribes and identify that live in the forest.
Timothy Sackton: As I said, I I charmed one of the.
Timothy Sackton: One of the people of the of another tribe.
Timothy Sackton: beckoned me.
Timothy Sackton: To take me they of course the.
Timothy Sackton: Technical or not totally isolated they have commerce and trade with other dental kind of tribes.
Timothy Sackton: But it seems that a guide.
Timothy Sackton: No outsider can find them.
Timothy Sackton: And no guide would take me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you think the guys were looking for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In order to take someone.
Timothy Sackton: If they were dinner guy.
Timothy Sackton: They might take an hour I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Your homeland, too.
Timothy Sackton: long ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the delta Chi.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or I sorry sorry if I missed this the dead Okay, are they are they else or the humans.
Timothy Sackton: There that they're humans, they call themselves the first people.
Timothy Sackton: But people of the gods they stay they came to tell God when the elves still real the florists.
Timothy Sackton: They came to this land from car where humans were born and they were the first to set foot outside of car.
Eric Rosenbaum: With.
Eric Rosenbaum: What kind of a life to those villagers lead lead deep in that forest.
Timothy Sackton: They raise pigs.
Timothy Sackton: They wrestle they climb trees.
Timothy Sackton: They grow some some crops.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did they clear the forest and make houses.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I wouldn't say they clear for us.
Timothy Sackton: They live among the trees, but yes, there is a village.
Eric Rosenbaum: And do they use the waterways.
Eric Rosenbaum: They go about in boats up and down.
Timothy Sackton: Some do.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: That check kula live.
Timothy Sackton: Far from any navigable streams.
Eric Rosenbaum: huh hmm.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps you could at least tell us how to get to the village where you found a guy.
Mike Sackton: Or is that just any village.
Timothy Sackton: Audit river that is not hard I.
Timothy Sackton: I simply follow the.
Timothy Sackton: The kaizen river.
Timothy Sackton: So I found a belt edge I don't know if there.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how long they.
Timothy Sackton: maintain a village if they migrate.
Mike Sackton: But there are many people's along the kaizen river.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: And, and the people's along the kaizen river they they worship the was the name, he is for the small gods.
Timothy Sackton: punchy.
Mike Sackton: They worshipped the tonchi.
Timothy Sackton: yeah many of them seemed like they had hundreds of gods.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: Are they newly settled, are there any refugees from further north amongst them in their stories.
Timothy Sackton: There may be, I mean they.
Timothy Sackton: They tell have an exodus in return.
Timothy Sackton: They only return to these.
forests.
Timothy Sackton: Now six generations ago, maybe hardly more than a century.
Mike Sackton: and have do you know if folks have left the southern the altar would for the crimson would and return to their home ones.
Mike Sackton: Are the.
Timothy Sackton: The.
Timothy Sackton: I do not know I know the.
Timothy Sackton: What I learned from the people I spoke with was not there are.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: Dedicated people living.
Timothy Sackton: Along the edges of the cerrone and empire as far north is Volterra and beyond.
Timothy Sackton: But the further north you go, the more the tribe suffered in the blood.
Timothy Sackton: And the ancient communication networks.
Timothy Sackton: have been disrupted, as the for us have been cut.
Timothy Sackton: and destroyed by battle and fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: What made up those networks.
Timothy Sackton: They would never say.
huh.
Eric Rosenbaum: I want to try to ask using our in character, knowledge of.
Eric Rosenbaum: stories of Dimitar if if this guy knows anything about that it would be like.
Eric Rosenbaum: A small wing it lizards.
Eric Rosenbaum: With a sharp tongue.
Like is there anything in the Lord.
Mike Sackton: Did did this God, I mean we just ask if.
Mike Sackton: This God if there's any stories of this God having companions.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: God color would not share the contents of his dreams with me.
i'm.
Mike Sackton: Sorry go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: They did not speak much to outsiders.
Mike Sackton: How.
Mike Sackton: Was the god color a position passed from generation to generation.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: It is like the.
Timothy Sackton: it's like the head priest, I gather.
Timothy Sackton: And is the one who.
Timothy Sackton: manages the relationship with the tonchi and.
Mike Sackton: And the one you spoke to was old young.
Timothy Sackton: He was old when I spoke.
Timothy Sackton: He was he was younger when he found.
Timothy Sackton: A heart of this tree.
Timothy Sackton: I had been several generations past when they return to those woods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did they say what the heart of the tree look like.
Timothy Sackton: I only got a glimpse once it was God color wore it around his neck under his shirt.
Timothy Sackton: Is green and smooth and looked.
Timothy Sackton: looked like it was encased in bark though it was encased in some.
Timothy Sackton: wooden structure and there was some sort of the heart itself and are there seems to be something green.
Timothy Sackton: But he would never show it to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well what's his name again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Georgia Georgia.
Timothy Sackton: And suspect he is dead by now, he was already old 25 years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm did Georgia say how he came across this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stone.
Timothy Sackton: found it.
Timothy Sackton: He didn't call it a stone, you called it, the heart of the tree.
Timothy Sackton: that's great tree had fallen a huge tree, maybe.
Timothy Sackton: hundred feet or more tall 200 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: And the legend is the heart were stored the God the spirit of the other one to life.
Timothy Sackton: And now the life of empty the spirit of the other would now call themself where I.
Timothy Sackton: Was encased within this.
Timothy Sackton: tree or the heart of this tree.
Mike Sackton: kenzo are you thinking there might be a piece of jaden said there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Coming up, of course, that it is a piece of jade.
Mike Sackton: Would you be able to this um.
Mike Sackton: these stories are fascinating and.
Mike Sackton: revealing and I think we are quite likely to be heading that way soon.
Mike Sackton: Would you be able to to to write down the names and faces of the people you remember.
Timothy Sackton: I will give you a copy of my book, nobody else seems to want to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Love a copy of your book.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look did Georgia have an apprentice suddenly might expect to meet.
Timothy Sackton: did not know how the.
Timothy Sackton: God color was passed from generation to generation.
hmm.
Timothy Sackton: I believe they were chosen by the spirits, or at least that is what the devil, I believe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What color co ll er God color.
Mike Sackton: color da.
Timothy Sackton: la da out yeah.
shouter.
Mike Sackton: um well he's talking at some point i'm gonna i'm gonna like flag down a waiter and ask for a white some.
Mike Sackton: dinner.
Mike Sackton: or like sliced meat or something like that.
Mike Sackton: And when it comes i'm going to like way out the food like on the table, like as an offering.
Mike Sackton: And at some.
Mike Sackton: Point i'm going to try to sort of whisper to have a scar.
Mike Sackton: Do you remember any of this are these your people.
Eric Rosenbaum: This has been one of the most fascinating seminars i've ever attended but excellent Tutoring we're receiving.
Kate: i'm learning a lot.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we would do have a copy of his book.
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cleanses it was an advocate in Georgia Georgia.
Georgia.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How much time do you spend with Georgia.
Timothy Sackton: Remember, I was only there for less than 30 days when my enchantment on the guy on my guide wore off and he realized he had been charmed.
Timothy Sackton: He revealed.
Timothy Sackton: to everybody, what I had done and I was driven.
Timothy Sackton: With that spear point out of the village i'm surprised I escaped with my life.
Timothy Sackton: So I did not have a long time to get to know.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you have a sense of how the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How they were organized was Georgia, the the leader was there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know, a sense of the culture and the structure of their society.
Timothy Sackton: There was a.
Timothy Sackton: They seem to have this was not a very big village remember.
Timothy Sackton: But it seemed that they.
Timothy Sackton: had to achieve.
Timothy Sackton: An elder who was chosen by the people of the village.
Timothy Sackton: she's.
Timothy Sackton: Not George.
Timothy Sackton: To the god color was separate.
Timothy Sackton: They had.
Timothy Sackton: bye bye but.
Timothy Sackton: When there were decisions to be made.
Timothy Sackton: such as when they were deciding my punishment, it seemed that there were many of them.
Timothy Sackton: gathered together and spoken debated.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you ever see Georgia have performed the god calling.
Timothy Sackton: He he was clearly could do some magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like what.
Timothy Sackton: He would do small prayers he would heal people's we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: would use the stone.
Timothy Sackton: never took it out.
Timothy Sackton: remember how that always closed stanton.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you say again what what the stone did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or what he claimed to did.
Timothy Sackton: claim to gain him dreams.
Timothy Sackton: But the god rye.
Timothy Sackton: or.
Timothy Sackton: formerly the God the tonchi is empty the spirit of this forest spoke to him and his dreams.
Timothy Sackton: told them out to give him warnings about what was happening and some stranger visions that he cannot interpret.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: This God the spirit protected the village hit it somehow from this.
Timothy Sackton: Evil they would not name that came to try and steal the heart of this world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, another thing we might ask about is, this is not in character relationship between the story, and what we know of the legend of like historical right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't remember how much we know about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're just kinda no more than the rest of this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meta game, though, when where did where did where did right turn into a jade statue in the forest was it this forest that he turned into a statute.
Timothy Sackton: know what was in it was when you were fighting shabbat and.
Timothy Sackton: right here, which is not that far away.
Mike Sackton: I mean it was it, it was like where there's a giant hole in the.
Mike Sackton: right which is again.
Mike Sackton: Not that far yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a big explosion arrived fragment flies vendor miles through the air and the lens industry.
Mike Sackton: I mean we could talk about this in character, when he's gone, but i'm suspicious that rise, this is really rye rye, as opposed to like.
Mike Sackton: something a little more complicated.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's clearly something more complicated, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would it be a reasonable question to ask like Oh, how does this relate to the story of the great.
Eric Rosenbaum: me just Great War named Brian.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah no that's totally reasonable.
Eric Rosenbaum: OK so i'll ask that yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you do believe they're the same.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
Kate: The star people.
hi.
Timothy Sackton: I assume a mosque.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Who else could this be.
Eric Rosenbaum: How could it be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What would you say how could it be.
Eric Rosenbaum: The historical ride was not a tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: or for a spirit.
Timothy Sackton: I do not claim to understand these mysteries.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's not reputed to have made his final stand in this location either.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps, to find out the connection will have to go and see for ourselves.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there any advice you might have for us as we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: contemplate our journey there.
Timothy Sackton: I am not the one you want to be taking advice from me.
Timothy Sackton: It was long ago, much has changed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know anybody else who's attempted to journey there.
Timothy Sackton: You have gone don't have been.
Timothy Sackton: allowed.
Timothy Sackton: into the heart of the algebra one, or at least nothing.
Timothy Sackton: who have returned have spoken on such things.
Timothy Sackton: The border is not so peaceful as at once once.
Timothy Sackton: There is less commerce Now I hear.
Timothy Sackton: More.
Timothy Sackton: eager I in the timber wealth of the Elder word.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who is in conflict they're.
Timothy Sackton: kind of glances around.
Timothy Sackton: Really.
Mike Sackton: Is this the city, I think that reaches for the well.
Mike Sackton: His name is night i've always forget his name nyan.
Mike Sackton: nyan Nice on.
Timothy Sackton: Nice Nice.
Mike Sackton: Nice Nice.
Mike Sackton: If I make trouble you with another question, not necessarily about this journey but perhaps about that part of the world, I have been.
Mike Sackton: away for many years.
Mike Sackton: I know little of what has be fallen the elves who used to live there.
Mike Sackton: Are they.
Mike Sackton: There still isn't the crimson would.
Timothy Sackton: You know much with certainty.
Timothy Sackton: Dedicated say there is.
Timothy Sackton: They say.
Timothy Sackton: Those that remain have hit our hidden.
Timothy Sackton: Alex who have.
Timothy Sackton: found their way chart and have mostly found their way from.
Timothy Sackton: Destruction.
Timothy Sackton: That are always left in the woods, I doubt they're easy to find.
Timothy Sackton: But if anybody knew where to find them, it would be the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: way to go to.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Mike Sackton: Mike let's just go with.
Mike Sackton: All this other stuff.
Mike Sackton: not interested in where you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are your people, naturally, so reclusive deal with.
Eric Rosenbaum: That they would stay totally isolated for centuries.
Mike Sackton: At times yes.
Mike Sackton: My people are not.
Mike Sackton: of one mind at all times, and there have been.
Mike Sackton: great debates at many points in history, about whether we should.
Mike Sackton: show ourselves and participate in the great events of history, or whether we should.
Mike Sackton: hide away and observed from afar.
Mike Sackton: elves have.
Mike Sackton: The elven cities, I remember from my youth have.
Mike Sackton: Great abilities that talking themselves away and corners of the world that.
Mike Sackton: Are not visible to the normal I.
Mike Sackton: And whether and.
Mike Sackton: In my the generation before me is time and the generation before that the debate was and even in my youth, the question amongst the great and mighty of the elves was do we do we hide away again, or do we come out and fight.
Mike Sackton: I know not how the losses of the word years and of the words against shema will have impacted thinking else it may be that the that the factions that wish to hide away or ascended now.
With.
Mike Sackton: Hardly blame them, I suppose.
Mike Sackton: After what happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: Naturally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In it spells in.
Eric Rosenbaum: GE na us.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You type it or sitting in.
Timothy Sackton: hyping it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or you didn't tell us we portray it.
Timothy Sackton: He is looks like he's looking around at the food and like looks pretty full and satisfied and.
Timothy Sackton: I will.
Timothy Sackton: I am happy to.
Timothy Sackton: speak more should you have more questions, but I think I can eat another bite.
Timothy Sackton: Well, can I have a book sent.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, you should just give the name of the in that in that we've been.
Mike Sackton: Are are passing messages in.
Mike Sackton: yeah I would I would encourage them to like.
Mike Sackton: Take all the leftovers for dinner right like right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like a good Grad student.
Mike Sackton: Absolutely right and I need TIM to like how do I, how do we write a recommendation like.
Mike Sackton: what's the.
Timothy Sackton: Introduction you have right like.
Timothy Sackton: you write a letter and you.
Timothy Sackton: Sign your name like.
Mike Sackton: We just write a letter to him there's not like.
Mike Sackton: yeah there's not like a guy who was.
Timothy Sackton: know.
Mike Sackton: y'all rate my Professor.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know we just like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To say we say dear dear now is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We appreciate great year greatly your lecture describing the historical aspects of did you know that uh.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right like let's write a letter of recommendation just talks about how good a lecture he is.
Mike Sackton: not be like.
Mike Sackton: The thing you hate that ruin your reputation you're really good about talking about that right right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah so you'd write a letter like that and you'd add some like florists is an elevation stuff so is obviously written by an alpha you'd sign in and then.
Mike Sackton: I will write it in three languages all right and great Korean Elvis and and and modern Chardonnay.
Timothy Sackton: perfect.
Kate: academic level good.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: awesome.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah these are really cool like this is, this is a good.
Mike Sackton: You should keep up this drawing.
Timothy Sackton: You gotta.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: draw drawing drawing some of the weird the weird Dudes in the forest now.
Mike Sackton: Am I said.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, I haven't directory i'm a Google drive that had some of the old john's Eric does date, if you take pictures, you can we can put them up there too.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm sending them i've been putting into the text right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah how awesome I haven't been working at the text, then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll drop it in.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One Member we all used to draw we all used to draw crazy shit like well.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like sports I used to love your drawing see used to draw some like crazy shit.
Schwartz: For the drawing again regularly less winter after not making art for longer than it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should all we should all flicking draw Algarve, should again like I literally just like the past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I had not drawn like probably since high school and then last month in May, like I started drawing again as part of like a other just expansion of trying to you know heal and take care of myself.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And really fun.
Schwartz: super service funny.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's right, we should all we should all draw crazy tag our shit as we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I find sometimes like you know what when we're actually like playing like sometimes i'll like randomly like look at my phone or do other shit i'm like what the Fuck am I doing like I don't want to do any of that shit so it's like way more like draw.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah I have sometimes done that, too, but it's been a while so yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do it and we can share our drawings, as we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: love it.
Mike Sackton: um so.
Mike Sackton: Can we move on to our next encounter I mean we should talk a little bit like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah let's let's as we're walking to the next meeting, we can chat a little bit about what you just you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right kenzo pulls out his like his little you know jade from his.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's noteworthy that the heart of a tree would be green isn't it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well he's clearly got a piece of arrived, I think that this is this is exactly what's happened to me that stone that i've been carrying and the strange dreams that I had when I prior to meeting you all.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm going to try to more intentionally dream tonight I should have been doing this a little bit more all along, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that there's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that there's a very strong connection between these these pieces that this piece that I have, and now this other piece of we've learned about in the forest.
Mike Sackton: Have a scar says he knows these.
Mike Sackton: Are his people.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: even better.
Mike Sackton: And he thinks that I could talk for my connection to him to their gods.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to write.
Mike Sackton: Their gods the small gods perhaps try.
Eric Rosenbaum: These.
Eric Rosenbaum: Small gods like.
Mike Sackton: Well, I know when quite well.
Mike Sackton: I think their bow how much has he changed in his ordeal through shadow and.
Mike Sackton: A God, with one worshiper who barely worships him.
Mike Sackton: I think it might be a little different than the small gods as they were.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Mike Sackton: I dreamt when kendra's sent us to the dream world I I saw many images of of.
Mike Sackton: Of a scar as he was in these forests for before the fire destruction came in and I think that is very much how these gods would have been.
Mike Sackton: small groups of followers.
Mike Sackton: Talking personally to him, he would carry their prayers to Anita, as they call the great.
Mike Sackton: God.
Mike Sackton: He would watch over their hunts he would.
Mike Sackton: Bring warnings of dangerous from afar.
Eric Rosenbaum: So, and also have a physical form.
Mike Sackton: He did yeah I can't remember from that I could look at the other physical form TIM.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think you ever saw.
Mike Sackton: I mean my perspective was always from his perspective, so it was a little bit.
hard to tell.
Mike Sackton: Like when I saw it in these dreams, I was seeing his worshipers bring him food bring him water, I was seeing things from his perspective not not from the person so so.
Mike Sackton: It it did not feel like I was in a physical body, but that doesn't.
Mike Sackton: In the dream world who can say what that means.
sure.
Mike Sackton: He.
Mike Sackton: I also.
Mike Sackton: I think these these gods can be killed in a way other gods can't.
Eric Rosenbaum: makes you say that.
Mike Sackton: Well, this guy was almost killed.
Mike Sackton: By a demon of a great demon of shimano I think he was on the verge of death, when he ended up in the shadow realm trapped with me.
Mike Sackton: And, and I got the sense from from the dreams that.
Mike Sackton: That schmutz armies were killing his peers, not just killing his worshipers but perhaps that that sense is wrong, again, who can say whether it just felt like death to him, or whether it was a real death.
Timothy Sackton: So it was supposed to be clear from NASA started or maybe wasn't but the tribe that he spoke to believes that this God is empty had been killed.
Timothy Sackton: And he was resurrected by the heart of the past.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
The.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a weird.
Mike Sackton: But, but, of course, perhaps.
Mike Sackton: You know obvious guys people believe he is dead to I am sure if any of them survived.
What.
Mike Sackton: for all I know this God is empty was also sent to the shadow realm.
Mike Sackton: And somehow escaped.
Mike Sackton: for all I know ry.
Mike Sackton: Other wait hold on do I know that this guy has helped me breakout or do we not that we don't really know.
Timothy Sackton: If you have no idea how you broke down.
Mike Sackton: for all I know ride released me and s&t from the same shadow realm.
Mike Sackton: Jamaat was clearly using it so much had too much armies had many items that took people there, he was using it as a way of moving armies through the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait what.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well items.
Mike Sackton: yeah so that I dealt with never tell you the story.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think has ever told this story.
Mike Sackton: How I I ended up in the shadow realm because I touched.
Eric Rosenbaum: I looked I was just something strolling down the street and turn it into.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, you know when.
Timothy Sackton: You talk.
Timothy Sackton: About this, all the time it's.
Mike Sackton: Probably after people walking down the street or talking about other places right.
Mike Sackton: I mean we're talking quietly right like a like a big crowd I would go somewhere private right like we could we could go into a quiet room, you know but um that, though I touched an item some some.
Mike Sackton: I don't recall the specifics, but but or maybe I did, did you ever tell me exactly what item I touched him.
Timothy Sackton: There was a circular thing right.
Mike Sackton: Like so there's like a bracelet on the arm of one of the leaders of this hub goblin army.
Mike Sackton: way dad.
Mike Sackton: was with the entirety of the hobgoblin army and the entirety of.
Mike Sackton: The elven army fighting it, I was basically the only survivor and, as I was looking for food and water.
Mike Sackton: Moving his arm I touched the circle and I vanished.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So what do you think the circle, it was mediating the opening and closing of these portals.
Mike Sackton: I think it it gave schmutz army a way to transport into this shadow round move from place to place just as the elves he's a wild place to place.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the whole hub going army would join hands vanish into another plane and then return in a different location and this one.
Mike Sackton: I suspect, yes.
Mike Sackton: will explain how they could move so quickly across the world.
Mike Sackton: and have a scar the same thing happened to him.
Eric Rosenbaum: The same DNA and.
Mike Sackton: He let's see he i'm just gonna hold on i'm going to find this and uh.
Mike Sackton: let's see hold on you.
Mike Sackton: Have a scarred.
Mike Sackton: died or almost died in a battle, I saw this through his eyes, a battle with a great general.
Mike Sackton: hobgoblin general leading an army, who was killing his people.
Mike Sackton: And he fought this army changing shape again and again from a deer to a Hawk to a wolf tearing it this general trying desperately to save his jeep.
Mike Sackton: And in.
Mike Sackton: He was not a I mean.
Mike Sackton: She that the hobgoblin general kept.
Mike Sackton: had many strengths right and kept her blade would bite into office guys skin would would attack him with wounded dying bleeding and he won once more at this general and ripped a dark circle it from her arms.
Mike Sackton: Killing I think the general but, having ripped this circle it from her he appeared in the shadow realm as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: So there's a difference between.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ordinary functioning of the circuit in everyday use and what happens what when you touch it after its user has died.
Perhaps.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps in the moment of death or soon after death somehow it is uncontrolled and its last magic has not faded.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: To.
Mike Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: It did it happen only twice that it happened many times, you can say right but it strikes me that the same story happened now of course.
Mike Sackton: was a confirmation bias I don't have confirmation bias right word exactly but, of course, the same thing happened to be an avid skier because we found each other in the shadow route.
So.
Timothy Sackton: So at this point, you have arrived at the doors to.
Timothy Sackton: row Sally has manner it's a three story elegant building relative not not new construction, but clearly like recently.
Timothy Sackton: it's the upkeep is good right there's like marble statuary out front there's a small tower only goes, maybe 40 feet above the third floor.
Timothy Sackton: Not not a not by far.
Timothy Sackton: You know, not the tallest or most magically impressive place but everything is just perfectly trim perfectly manicured perfectly.
Timothy Sackton: perfectly in order and you arrived about.
Timothy Sackton: Five minutes or so before your do.
Mike Sackton: We make sure like we stopped somewhere.
Mike Sackton: clean out the.
Mike Sackton: trash like.
Mike Sackton: I want to put on our best clothes and light.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right right right yeah we're we're out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, what is our goal here again.
Mike Sackton: remind me why we're talking to this woman.
Timothy Sackton: Because heiser knows her and you said, good you know, in the society up open score.
Mike Sackton: Right she's like the society person who kind of knows who right okay.
Mike Sackton: um.
Kate: It turns out that and further whatever his name was was also in this society.
Kate: But we don't know to what level right society membership, you know so she could be slightly less clueless.
Kate: or not.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: Before we go in do.
Mike Sackton: Do we know what we want to get out of talking to her live questions, what do we, what are we trying to work.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah we had a goal with her where we turn again what was our goal with her.
Kate: What we wanted to know things that we know now like we wanted an intro to somebody who might know where they were at the chalice or the eyes are.
Mike Sackton: I mean we should.
Kate: Now we know where the challenge in the eyes.
Kate: Are we.
Kate: We should sort of get her opinion of.
Mike Sackton: We should, we should certainly find out as much as we can, about Faustus.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, generally assessing.
Eric Rosenbaum: The state of corruption within the society, which is a delicate matter to ask about.
Mike Sackton: How corrupted it for years I think evil secretly.
Kate: But if we asked about the two we think are particularly corrupt, you know fastest and the guy whose.
Kate: Name begins with DJ one is.
Kate: caitlin yeah that's the same caitlyn.
Kate: She might.
Open up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, presumably if she's she's a crisis like you know old master then she might be able to give us some more honest insight into what's going on right she she she's hopefully someone trustworthy.
Schwartz: I think trustworthy but remember they don't talk about the side at all anymore like I think these are all good goals, but to proceed diligently.
Mike Sackton: yeah and and I think we might be better off trying to get a.
Mike Sackton: We have an in on asking about fastest particular because we can be, we have a fairly good cover story right that.
Mike Sackton: We we met some people who were talking about this he's hiring people and.
Eric Rosenbaum: White were.
Mike Sackton: were like kind of interested in is that you know, is it crazy to work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Through we're just checking references.
Schwartz: yeah.
Schwartz: Another way to think that totally was another way to go to would be just to like level with her and like we went to so and so's tower, you know and.
Schwartz: It said that we would help free the storm giants so we're here to try and do that, like what what advice, do you have for us i'm making a deal or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Even take it, but let's let's let's all say her and kind of get her get her take see.
Mike Sackton: We could honestly do both direct we could start with the checking references right and.
Mike Sackton: We could pretty easily tell a story that says.
Mike Sackton: Well, I have two goals right like it's not impossible that.
Mike Sackton: we're interested in being hired and also wants right she's not necessarily going to be like I.
Mike Sackton: mean we're interested enough in going to war, yet, despite the fact that we're definitely not going to because we're more interested in going to the forest that it's not even.
Mike Sackton: it's not even like a total lie.
Schwartz: To say that we are.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Schwartz: or curiosity is not untrue and are.
Schwartz: Exactly the potential to be heard it's not oh.
Schwartz: I didn't want to interrupt you, in the middle of the story, but did y'all see the poster for galen stock.
Mike Sackton: Oh no.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just had.
Schwartz: A tomorrow afternoon at four, it is an evening of elemental magic explained by the Greek scholar galen so.
Schwartz: i'm curious for for her perspective on that too, I mean.
Mike Sackton: We should we should go.
Eric Rosenbaum: very interested to 10 so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll send that to the calendar.
Mike Sackton: But of course we can pretty straightforward Lee asked her about galen as well, and there I think wrestling could be even more up front.
Mike Sackton: i'm trying to buy back chalice that.
Mike Sackton: jalen has and what's your advice.
Right.
Schwartz: yeah.
Mike Sackton: And then the only question is if we feel like maybe she's trustworthy enough do we get into the rumors about the society being.
Schwartz: Other we play by ear yeah.
Schwartz: We think we can you know we can also frame that as, as you know, are these safe people to deal yeah.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: alright.
Timothy Sackton: So just that's just almost exactly five minutes so as the.
Timothy Sackton: As you finish talking the door swings open and there's like a neatly dressed Butler he's standing outside and says Bob good you're all here a mask.
Timothy Sackton: Just to confirm seeker, you are from high keep looking at you.
Timothy Sackton: raise one of our total Is that correct.
Kate: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: kensal.
Timothy Sackton: You are from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: All have done okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was born in charleston.
Timothy Sackton: charleston okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, well being you are from far away, I gather.
Schwartz: All the green see mostly but you know a little here a little there i'll over some Barbara.
Schwartz: And we're standing.
Timothy Sackton: up by Sally that's right excited to speak with an alpha it has been several years, you are from.
Mike Sackton: Originally.
Mike Sackton: The forests north of here I guess it's now called the crimson would.
Mike Sackton: But when I was from there, it was not called that.
Timothy Sackton: Have a name for you.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, it was called.
Mike Sackton: To wait.
Timothy Sackton: If I have a game i'll do it differently.
Mike Sackton: But what's the.
name.
Timothy Sackton: um I knew marya.
Mike Sackton: Ah, I would just flat out say forget I didn't say any of that i'll just say.
Mike Sackton: I knew marya.
Schwartz: This looks better right there.
Mike Sackton: You should know where that is or I don't really care if he goes for that I.
Timothy Sackton: was thought original name for the entire forest that now consistent be altered would.
Better.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, please come in and sort of gives the bow and he turns and he says.
Timothy Sackton: He leads you through the entry hall into this sort of formal dining room.
Timothy Sackton: And, and as you enter he says kind of buys briefing he says i'm there is.
Timothy Sackton: There is a.
Timothy Sackton: string Quartet playing any bows and he says man I present seeker of Heikki risk when i've been telling her kenzo of charting well be of the green sea and dealt with of.
Timothy Sackton: I knew Mara.
Timothy Sackton: rust alya.
Timothy Sackton: As she has a older woman, maybe 70 ish.
Timothy Sackton: Gray hair tied up in a bind.
Timothy Sackton: elegantly dressed in a in a in a green dress with some color that goes with green trim and jewelry that shows off wealth, like a long string of pearls around your neck diamond earrings i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Saying next to her is a much younger woman.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe in her 30s.
Timothy Sackton: golden blonde hair.
Timothy Sackton: sort of lanky.
Timothy Sackton: Blue eyes, like sharp features, like a sharp knows sharpen.
Timothy Sackton: A little too harsh maybe like pretty link harsh face right very in some ways, very stern looking.
Timothy Sackton: And Mira, the archivist.
Timothy Sackton: And the Butler bounce backs out, and you can see those places set for all of you and there's like you know little.
Timothy Sackton: cups like little tea cups and like four different sets of utensils and everything and sort of set.
Timothy Sackton: And Rosalia stamp it gives you a pretty bow and says, please be seated.
Mike Sackton: I have invited.
Timothy Sackton: My friend Leah here as.
Timothy Sackton: She is quite curious to hear of your adventures, she has recently returned from the north managing treasure hunting parties.
Timothy Sackton: involved Tara.
Timothy Sackton: And would be quite curious to know of your experience in the cerrone and planes, I hope you don't mind.
But.
Mike Sackton: Did she just called.
Schwartz: Dirty and planes yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That was unintentional she meant to say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No.
Timothy Sackton: actually said yes, she did actually that was me flipping off.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, so she did say she or she said that.
Timothy Sackton: She said.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate: This doesn't know is tiger geography.
Mike Sackton: la to be kind of cooler if she had said the child already in play.
Mike Sackton: yeah that would.
Mike Sackton: Change don't have everything.
Mike Sackton: Right yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I.
Timothy Sackton: don't see how.
Mike Sackton: It has been.
Mike Sackton: Most informative.
Timothy Sackton: Are you enjoying your time and charter.
Timothy Sackton: I guess, many of you this is your first visit to our fair city.
Mike Sackton: It is.
Mike Sackton: there's a large and bustling place with many.
Mike Sackton: Many interesting people.
Timothy Sackton: don't really know why.
Timothy Sackton: She like bring a little bow on the buffer comes out again with like a tray of food and like sets like.
Timothy Sackton: Little cakes on each of your plates and pours tea for everybody.
Eric Rosenbaum: We are interested to learn, thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're interested to learn more of the activities of the society of the open scroll.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, please enjoy the the tea and the food before we speak of business.
Eric Rosenbaum: Indeed.
Mike Sackton: i'm done with those sort of say um yes, I I was going to ask it is.
Mike Sackton: human culture is often.
Mike Sackton: i'm not always sure of exactly what is the most polite.
Mike Sackton: steps to take and in human cultures, I do apologize if we make any errors of courtesy and please do not hesitate to correct us and guide us.
Timothy Sackton: It is.
Timothy Sackton: It is my pleasure to have such a diverse audience in my home and it's been a long time since i've seen.
Timothy Sackton: All of these people together, so I I appreciate, but, but you can say you are.
Timothy Sackton: You you are from here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was born here, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And this is how I came to be introduced to you through my master case oh.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, he's finding his letter for a nice letter but I gotta you have not been here for a while you've only recently returned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed i've been in done more with where I met my companions two months also letting her spend a key um you know, Sir, what level she.
Timothy Sackton: Denmark we spent a great deal of time there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I did I spend time in she she was just really.
Timothy Sackton: make an insight check advantage from source I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: love this this classical music playing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sites for suckers insight.
Kate: Speaking of redundant skills, I hadn't i'm very insightful but with somebody so saving all this, I never actually after rolling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do that again.
Mike Sackton: super.
Eric Rosenbaum: wisdom.
for being a cleric.
Eric Rosenbaum: And walking down the street constantly just like stopping in its tracks and like eyeballing somebody like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, she seems she seems to genuinely be enjoying like meeting.
Timothy Sackton: You all and you don't get this you don't have a sense, he has any kind of hidden agenda.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it okay she's over five.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we could destroy her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: crusher to our well i'm kind of yeah so kinds of continues on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah it was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We i've been i've been over the past number of years in dunmore on spending time with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In different monasteries there and but i've always been so grateful to my master Chi so and and he speaks very highly of you and it's glad to still have a relationship with you.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I am pleased to still speak with him as well, either their plan some things we do not speak about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I know he wasn't exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He wasn't exactly the type of person that would last longer than the order the urban sprawl as far as I can tell so.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's different things.
Timothy Sackton: The other woman then chimes in and kind of looks over at you.
Timothy Sackton: You spent a lot of time in in Denmark, you say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Indeed, we all did that's where we all met.
Timothy Sackton: ever been to DARPA.
Schwartz: Yes, essentially.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was just bust through DARPA.
Timothy Sackton: I grew up there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did you really.
Timothy Sackton: My parents were merchants.
Timothy Sackton: sailing.
Timothy Sackton: spent.
Timothy Sackton: My mom spent five years there after I was born.
Timothy Sackton: My dad and uncle CAP maintaining the trade six years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said, if.
Timothy Sackton: I do a little anything place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do inside track on there as well, and she like genuinely like oh my gosh like my family.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I will yeah.
Mike Sackton: she's she's uh i'll ask her you you, you have a background in treasure hunting.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe more managing treasure hunters.
Timothy Sackton: As a.
Timothy Sackton: group of adventures, not unlike yourselves actually out.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, the last five matt.
Timothy Sackton: was part of that crew traveled.
Timothy Sackton: In Volterra.
Timothy Sackton: And parts north.
Mike Sackton: It which which one of isaac's friends, is the else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By the way, sure it's your thing still says me, so I got a message that said me to me.
Mike Sackton: And I was like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What am I writing myself.
Schwartz: was coming from inside.
Mike Sackton: And I will try to engage her a little bit and stories about that crazy temple and DARPA that we gave the that we passed up.
Mike Sackton: Like she must have some stories about it, if she's interested in magic treasure hunters.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: mostly from a small talk perspective not like i'm not like i'm not playing it is i'm trying to get information it's more just a small talky like.
Timothy Sackton: Are you interested.
Timothy Sackton: Because the great library would definitely fund your expedition if you wanted to go there.
Mike Sackton: We.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we aspire to be treasure hunters for the grill out there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well Eric RD is one security is one so.
Mike Sackton: We.
We have other destinations.
Mike Sackton: On our journeys.
Mike Sackton: For.
Mike Sackton: Some other media future but.
Mike Sackton: We would certainly be.
Mike Sackton: interested in more discussion, maybe some other some other time.
Mike Sackton: We did consider going back when we were in DARPA.
Mike Sackton: If it weren't for some other.
Mike Sackton: Some other goals.
Timothy Sackton: A real question is how good, are you because you may have heard the rumors nobody's ever come back alive.
Mike Sackton: We get here those rumors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You seem to have a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: stories that they are all finding great wealth and running off.
Mike Sackton: Yet those stories struck me as implausible.
Mike Sackton: But we are, we have, we have managed to come back alive from.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're developing a habit of coming back alive from places you're not supposed to come alive.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There was.
Mike Sackton: There was the.
Mike Sackton: You know that the portal to.
Mike Sackton: pandemonium.
Schwartz: We came back alive from the far side of the River.
Schwartz: came back alive from you don't miss this Tower.
Schwartz: ravens whole.
Mike Sackton: Raven salt was hardly.
Mike Sackton: There was only a small team.
Timothy Sackton: Brasilia Hudson and says.
Timothy Sackton: My friends there but us.
Timothy Sackton: Please finish our tea before.
Mike Sackton: I was only trying to to encourage we're at to talk about her home, not so much get on to business.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, she had so few.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But lira.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There, a Min Brasilia I share with you as well, I am a recently um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I recently had joined the order of the schema and m in great interest to the stories of the people have.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have Eldar and it would be an honor to speak with you more later about DARPA and your family, so that I might recorded for posterity.
Timothy Sackton: I would, I would be happy to, but let us discuss the weather, to make quite.
Timothy Sackton: happy for a moment.
Mike Sackton: Do you follow the five siblings or the the the.
Mike Sackton: eightfold was it the eight not the old way that's not right, but the mosque Newman.
Timothy Sackton: go away yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The way oh my.
Timothy Sackton: My parents were charged.
Timothy Sackton: I am a citizen of course and.
Timothy Sackton: I was raised in the tradition of the way, but there is a small template the way in darby actually.
Timothy Sackton: Probably one of the few in in Dunbar I would believe, but of course I knew, many people who followed the five siblings.
Timothy Sackton: You know, as.
Timothy Sackton: One of the few Tony ins and.
Timothy Sackton: Darbar growing up.
Mike Sackton: Many of those friends glance over it reselling and sort of mouth is talking about god's okay.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of laughed at me, you have debt and says that.
Timothy Sackton: We are, yes, we are happy to discuss such topics here religion is actually a fascination of mine.
Timothy Sackton: There are many gods across the world and.
Timothy Sackton: Even as far in the green see, I guess, they do, in fact, still worship the.
Timothy Sackton: Eight divides.
Timothy Sackton: I guess you would know will be.
Schwartz: will be does but David doesn't.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, they do.
Schwartz: But I said very polite.
Schwartz: Well mannered response.
Mike Sackton: Have you have you heard of them i've recently been interested in stories of.
Mike Sackton: of older gods.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there are.
Mike Sackton: A few hurry stores such Tashi I think it might have been talked on so.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there's many tells the Gestapo the pants punchy I suspect they're all.
Timothy Sackton: Fake creatures, who have taken advantage of.
Timothy Sackton: Early settlers.
Timothy Sackton: trick them into worshiping.
Timothy Sackton: The creatures of the day, as god's there are many face spirits that inhabit these ancient would first i'm sure you must know as a now.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: But who really knows the mysterious workings of the gods.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Try collect, I am not a theologian I collect tales and myths and stories and.
Timothy Sackton: legends and heroes and.
Timothy Sackton: amuse me.
Mike Sackton: The collected any stories of.
Mike Sackton: Byron a man forget about that elephant god's name.
Mike Sackton: what's the tree.
Timothy Sackton: Arden all dinner.
Mike Sackton: i'll dinner.
Timothy Sackton: Not not too many not so many else in charge of these days.
Timothy Sackton: here before the Great War, it was different.
Timothy Sackton: there's even an elven college, but.
Mike Sackton: That the elven college.
Timothy Sackton: For a few hours and charting.
Mike Sackton: But teaching at the elven college.
Timothy Sackton: Not so many that teach at the university anymore.
Timothy Sackton: Calvin college, no longer has the patron.
Timothy Sackton: isn't.
Timothy Sackton: a sad state of disrepair.
Mike Sackton: Perhaps.
Mike Sackton: I could tell you a few tales at.
Mike Sackton: Some point.
Timothy Sackton: That would fascinate me she listens for a while, as you tell a story, but.
Mike Sackton: i'll tell her story about.
Mike Sackton: That I told earlier about.
Timothy Sackton: The circuit but.
Timothy Sackton: yeah crowd or whatever it was.
Timothy Sackton: And as the conversation sort of wind down a little bit and the Butler comes and clears away your plates and the tea and.
Timothy Sackton: She turns and she says now.
Timothy Sackton: Here, and I wanted to hear some stories of this Tower and I believe you are curious about the society of the open scroll Is that true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is.
Mike Sackton: It in particular we're curious but amended Faustus.
Timothy Sackton: She looks over at Mira.
Timothy Sackton: I know of him, yes, he is.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, his hand and everything.
Timothy Sackton: likes to be seen.
Timothy Sackton: Nada.
Timothy Sackton: likes to make it known that he is being seen.
Timothy Sackton: likes people to acknowledge that they have seen and.
Timothy Sackton: received his favor very forward if you asked me.
Mike Sackton: See i'm.
Mike Sackton: Honorable does he keep his deals.
Mike Sackton: See safe to work for.
Timothy Sackton: Your attention I.
Timothy Sackton: He pays a lot.
Timothy Sackton: working for him as an easy way to get rich.
Timothy Sackton: As more money somehow than we do even great library.
Timothy Sackton: don't know where he gets it spawns.
Timothy Sackton: That makes me a little nervous.
Eric Rosenbaum: He has more money than the great library.
Timothy Sackton: He is.
Timothy Sackton: Tired out of almost.
Timothy Sackton: All of them.
Timothy Sackton: Almost every expedition that's gone out from charleston to the South to the east.
Timothy Sackton: he's paid for.
Timothy Sackton: This and very little of what comes back ends up in our archives.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna ask.
Timothy Sackton: Private collector now he trains it's always happy to buy.
Timothy Sackton: But a true scholar would.
Timothy Sackton: Would donate their scholarly works to a museum.
Timothy Sackton: not keep such artifacts locked up in their.
Timothy Sackton: Private hordes.
Timothy Sackton: So the great library.
Timothy Sackton: He is not my favorite.
Timothy Sackton: He pays wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So he's a member of the society but he's a singer he's a member of the society.
Timothy Sackton: Well, the society of the open scroll and the great library, are not the same thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You say more about that relationship.
Timothy Sackton: Well we've been here for 1000 years society is only existed for 200.
Timothy Sackton: Business societies, a.
Timothy Sackton: Great library is an Arc.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, take our work seriously to collect and catalog.
Timothy Sackton: The knowledge of the world.
Timothy Sackton: and especially the magical knowledge of the world.
Timothy Sackton: Great library is a.
Timothy Sackton: Society of the open scroll is.
Timothy Sackton: explorers club.
Timothy Sackton: If you asked me.
Schwartz: Can I serve as surprised.
Schwartz: As we traveled used to be river heart.
Schwartz: Just at the number of.
Schwartz: explorers and treasure hunters that there were.
Timothy Sackton: No, no way he's getting all that money but he's paying every single one of those people at least 1000 goal.
Schwartz: Is it like that, every year in eastern Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: This is, this is a recent.
Timothy Sackton: is spending his.
Timothy Sackton: Recent.
Timothy Sackton: past two to three years.
Schwartz: Is this the first year that he sent so many into Denmark.
Timothy Sackton: Well i've been up north.
Timothy Sackton: But yes, this is what I heard, I came back.
Timothy Sackton: On some business for the great library, but also.
Timothy Sackton: meet with my colleagues and trying to figure out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What does he do with these items is he just collecting or what says.
Timothy Sackton: He gives away.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the.
Timothy Sackton: Some he sells I mean doesn't give for nothing can gives away and trade for.
Timothy Sackton: Other knowledge or magic or favors.
Timothy Sackton: Somebody South the great libraries on a couple things.
Schwartz: Just step away for like 10 minutes here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To take a break.
Timothy Sackton: yeah we can we can take a short break.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sure you guys close.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: has been very, very enjoyable that template to see.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On the other way she's reversed.
Timothy Sackton: Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm working on a portrait of a Brasilia.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Kate: By the way, we were diamonds with diamonds or pearls pearls and not.
Kate: A diamond necklace.
Kate: or.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All weird crazy stones, so you know.
Timothy Sackton: i'm i'll be right back i'm just gonna watch.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'll be back in a SEC to.
break.
Kate: So our President of research was making a point about like all the medicine he's helped make when he was introducing himself and he.
Kate: flashed up like weird drug name is everything and he gave the indications are two of them, and one of them, just like and Sandra you know Ben Melissa man like we were supposed to know what that was.
Kate: And so I googled it and try to figure out what it was for and the.
Kate: The text at the top of the web pages power to help prevent exacerbations.
Kate: Like.
Kate: A little bit more, please, but apparently it's respiratory like breathing.
Kate: acute bronco spasm or asthma asthma, sir.
Kate: Yes, nfl regulator.
Kate: He wants a genius injections, for your.
Kate: Mind it's not killing you it's still rather make cancer medicines.
well.
yeah.
Kate: everybody else didn't need 10 minutes is taking longer to come back Dave.
Timothy Sackton: We have to get out of charter tonight cuz you're not gonna be there, next time we play.
Now.
Timothy Sackton: know we took a break and now everybody's still taking a break.
Timothy Sackton: But we'll be back shortly.
Mike Sackton: Everybody.
Timothy Sackton: hey.
Kate: I had been racking my brain trying to remember how I knew of art to this lira, who had dropped that before who we had talked to and then, when you when he said something about the party with the outside, maybe connection right, as you said.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I was just wildly guessing but it just sounded like isaac's group.
Mike Sackton: Like all I know is that isaac's who works for the great library somewhere in the north.
Right.
Mike Sackton: It just felt plausible that they were on the same people.
Eric Rosenbaum: The garages working for Isaac.
Mike Sackton: him did say once that we're gonna have a crossover and they're gonna beat us because they're better players that we are there more tactically or you.
Timothy Sackton: know either consortia.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: The rest of them are probably weigh them down.
Timothy Sackton: A little bit.
Kate: There is much turning into different animals tactical identities.
Timothy Sackton: Well you're catching up with them two levels, now that are only level nine.
Timothy Sackton: Because, now that Isaac ones lots of games you don't play that campaign as much.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: they're not really add or D level wise anymore.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Kate: And still.
Kate: Wanting to work in mentioned gateway into the conversation that trying to be polite not talk over.
Kate: Although if i'm do actually mentioned his.
Kate: mentioned something that ties us to him to somebody outside of our own groups and if I make him look like he accidentally guys magica show tomorrow night i'm.
Mike Sackton: wondering if we're gonna like if something bad is going to happen in this magic show.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're saying.
Mike Sackton: It would be a shame if gaming came about and because he couldn't control his own elemental because he lost concentration, while he was summoning them because somebody you know attacked him with an invisible weapon be such a shame.
Mike Sackton: A rope rope water came out of nowhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: That thing that through security.
Mike Sackton: yeah I know right like security, these days, really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry guys.
Timothy Sackton: So um.
Timothy Sackton: And then, just the time let's if there's anything else you want to ask let's wrap up though yeah compensation, with these two women, but if there's anything else you want to know if you're afraid that basket.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know anything about you don't miss this Tower was uh.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you know.
Timothy Sackton: i've heard some tales.
Mike Sackton: What story, I mean we should tell them a couple of stories we don't need to play it out like what stories we tell we tell them the story, if you don't This is our.
Mike Sackton: yeah all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The cliff notes version.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: But, but with the bit about Washington get back the giant size.
Schwartz: yeah yeah I think also Look how you don't miss trap the giant right.
Mike Sackton: As drinker was falling dad.
Schwartz: would probably be interesting.
Timothy Sackton: and fascinating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And also just our our morally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: appropriate stance of trying to return the eyes.
Schwartz: Right yeah I think you know, will be a sort of editor and.
Schwartz: And here's the thing we know that um what's his name again.
Kate: Is this.
best.
Schwartz: pasta right, you know, or at least that that's who they went back to we have.
Schwartz: A few things have a pretty good worth, but if you were in our shoes, how would you go to him to negotiate.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I don't know him that well, other than.
Timothy Sackton: extremely wealthy, I do not think coin is going to sway him.
Timothy Sackton: pique his interest with something.
Timothy Sackton: Similar power and perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: unusual.
Timothy Sackton: Something that nobody else in charmin happens.
Timothy Sackton: If you truly want to.
Timothy Sackton: If this is not important to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know i'm just faster been in charge them all.
Timothy Sackton: Oh alright.
Timothy Sackton: grew up here as far as I know, it's been around the university since the student days.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and has he always had an interest in these types of items of power, or is it a more recent.
Timothy Sackton: Oh he's.
Not close to this man, he is.
Timothy Sackton: archie forward.
Mike Sackton: As I where they like, particularly interested in the story, if you don't miss was it like.
Timothy Sackton: No, no, no, I mean they were like this is great job naming your clearly adventures i'm.
Mike Sackton: i'm just trying to get a sense as to whether it would be whether I could pique their interest in buying any of our art.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I think it's I don't think they're gonna be ones.
Timothy Sackton: That I mean.
Mike Sackton: I can't tell, I guess, I was asking is I couldn't.
Timothy Sackton: tell her that clearly has money in like has some art up right like you're in a formal hall there's a particular PR that on the wall.
Mike Sackton: Then she seemed like the person who be interested in ancient art.
Timothy Sackton: not particularly it doesn't seem like a history buff like.
Mike Sackton: Well, I won't even bring it up, then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: might be interested in.
Mike Sackton: yeah okay.
Mike Sackton: that's as maybe at the, you know as we're as we're weaving like once the meal that laptop all white find a way to just be like you know we did find some art.
Mike Sackton: That we were hoping to sell.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know any found some not muted, but.
Mike Sackton: If they know what found means when we say found.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: Do we have before before we do that do.
Mike Sackton: We have any other.
Kate: Right i'm.
Trying to ask.
Kate: If.
Kate: She says she does not know festo is very public person and probably.
Kate: This other name i'm going to mention may not also be someone in her circles, but i'd like to know more of galen and whether he is the sort of person to trade.
Kate: or approach in an expert.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's a it's a college.
Timothy Sackton: Some.
Timothy Sackton: Ideas being correct.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: For all that he is quite skilled.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: isn't that a trade of all of the Academy.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like all of it.
Kate: well.
Timothy Sackton: hello, my colleagues, if I can avoid it.
Please proceed.
Kate: It works believe if it works knows the most about dwarf and artifacts and his possession of one of our objects, is something that we would like to negotiate with him about, but I don't know if he's an Honorable person to approach in such a straightforward way.
Timothy Sackton: lira chimes in.
Timothy Sackton: i've heard rumors of dathan chalice of something that he has I don't believe he cares particularly about that.
Timothy Sackton: cares about.
Timothy Sackton: Other planes and believe somehow that it.
Timothy Sackton: Could.
Timothy Sackton: Open portals.
Timothy Sackton: He has.
Timothy Sackton: His cheap interest is the elemental plans.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, that was part of my business here was to discuss some questions of elemental magic which.
Timothy Sackton: is quite well versed.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed it's.
Timothy Sackton: She looks around that we normally speak of this, but given you've been in.
Timothy Sackton: Mr.
Timothy Sackton: I will say.
Timothy Sackton: Has power.
Timothy Sackton: it's not come from the usual way place he has made some sort of deal with a chin.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: High it often elemental magic quite deeply.
Timothy Sackton: Not.
Timothy Sackton: well known.
I believe.
You could be.
Timothy Sackton: easily swayed by some other.
Timothy Sackton: tempting thing that had some.
Timothy Sackton: connection to one of these.
Timothy Sackton: elemental planes or even.
Timothy Sackton: Anything that was connected to injure extra planner interplanetary travel.
Timothy Sackton: pocket dimensions any sort of.
Timothy Sackton: magical.
Timothy Sackton: Extra plan around would fascinate.
Timothy Sackton: And I believe.
Timothy Sackton: Again, very far with this.
Item.
Timothy Sackton: chalice has eluded him its secrets.
Timothy Sackton: right again.
restaurant.
Timothy Sackton: I don't believe he would be that interested in selling such.
Timothy Sackton: Unless you have truly enormous amounts of well.
Kate: Really enormous historic and.
Kate: Religious connection to be object.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: You know this has little relevance to charge as much as we might wish it otherwise.
Timothy Sackton: But I understand what you are trying to do and I salute you for it.
Timothy Sackton: It will honor a trade.
Timothy Sackton: For sure.
This is great.
Kate: very valuable to understand.
Timothy Sackton: Is there anything else you'd like us to speak up, I have a nother engagement shortly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So I was.
Timothy Sackton: enjoyed meeting you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've definitely enjoyed meeting you greatly marcella I guess again just back to foster, you said that I was asking his interest in send.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: him sending out these large expeditions to the east, all of this funding this wealth when would you say that that really picked up you know you said he grew up in charge and he's been here his whole life as he, as he always had had money, or is this.
Timothy Sackton: mentor now Definitely not.
Timothy Sackton: it's not come from one of the rich or families or even a merchant of new wealth.
Timothy Sackton: As well appeared.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe, five years ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting very interesting.
huh.
Some Saturday.
Timothy Sackton: When off on the adventure.
Timothy Sackton: dragon are trying to treasure hoard and came back with untold gold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It seems self still the matter.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, very much so, yes.
Timothy Sackton: He is a powerful wizard and then seven right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where does he live.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the big huge tower in the city.
Timothy Sackton: He lives, he has a he has a tower like it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's like.
Timothy Sackton: it's not quite the great library spire but it's like two and you think tall.
Timothy Sackton: Ever like has his power as well now.
Timothy Sackton: Like would you say, whereas fastest hour anybody would be able to play.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was he was he powerful before five years ago, or did he become.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, he's is.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever else, one might say about him, he is indeed quite a skilled student and a dedicated.
Timothy Sackton: practitioner of the magical arts.
Timothy Sackton: He has worked hard to earn his skill.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But before, but he was powerful even before five years ago, is what i'm asking.
Oh yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And after he came into all of this money did he become even more powerful.
Timothy Sackton: Such questions are hard to answer with any precision or accuracy, my dear, yes, do not fight in the streets or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: his skill is well known.
Timothy Sackton: And not trivial.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: hasn't increased.
Timothy Sackton: I would not no such things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there any reason or rumors or stories as to why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For the past five years since he's increased as well, what he's searching for out nice what these all these expeditions are all about is it just kind of a is the is from the library's perspective is it just you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A wealthy person is going to see trophies or is it more does it feel like he has a purpose behind this that.
Timothy Sackton: It is quite well known that he is have a particular fondness for drink or.
Timothy Sackton: Last relics of an ancient empire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But for just fascination collecting using studying research any any idea.
Timothy Sackton: Like many of us, I suspect is curious about the power that was last.
Timothy Sackton: spoken to me of such thing.
Timothy Sackton: fact that we speak to him hardly at all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What kind of rumors.
Timothy Sackton: But he.
Timothy Sackton: He has some.
Timothy Sackton: obsession with drink or he wants to.
Timothy Sackton: discover some last magic.
Timothy Sackton: It is said that used to be able to.
Timothy Sackton: teleport from place to place.
Timothy Sackton: Now a lost art.
Timothy Sackton: or other stories of lost magic.
Timothy Sackton: I think there is a hidden obsession with power under his.
Timothy Sackton: In his heart somewhere.
Timothy Sackton: walk to discover some.
New magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there any rumors or stories about him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: collaborating or busy work with others and the city or see usually acting on is only fun seasons petitions.
Timothy Sackton: hires many people.
Timothy Sackton: mm hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Good.
Timothy Sackton: because too many open school lectures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is a member of the great library as well.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no, no, no, no he's not an arca.
Timothy Sackton: Listen, I I truly must go to my next engagement shortly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We understand.
Timothy Sackton: As I say, it has been.
Timothy Sackton: A pleasure.
Timothy Sackton: I hope, maybe someday just speak to you again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You as well.
Mike Sackton: Absolutely out just as we're leaving i'll just.
Mike Sackton: briefly.
Mike Sackton: mentioned the art thing.
Timothy Sackton: And so there's an art market.
Mike Sackton: On camp i've heard of that market right.
Timothy Sackton: That would.
It.
Mike Sackton: Any dealers that she I of course only want to sell this art to the finest and most respected collectors I wouldn't want it to be, you know.
Mike Sackton: bite by just anybody is there any names are introductions she could pass along.
Timothy Sackton: She gives you the name of her.
Timothy Sackton: Art dealer all right.
Mike Sackton: that'll do.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you leave.
Timothy Sackton: What would you like to do with.
Timothy Sackton: The next the rest of your time.
Mike Sackton: don't.
Mike Sackton: Do we have.
Mike Sackton: Like do we know anything about how we're going to go to justice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or, as well, so okay now yeah let's talk about that and to keep him tell me resilience like full title.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Schwartz: We recommend asking resilience.
Schwartz: For an introduction to festus was that particular we were going to see here in the first place.
Timothy Sackton: We have an introduction to pastors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From D amp D.
Mike Sackton: yeah and I got the sense that she doesn't really know him and he doesn't really know her very well like they travel in pretty different circles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it's better to get it from this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To me, is because then we're just a bunch of adventures and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh we've got a cool item to trade but also like hire us for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know it in fact Okay, so a couple things this is known character so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My guess is Fausto is a can Fuck us all up pretty badly if he's had most and tassie and his boss, and all of this, I think he is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not our friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If he knows I think he'll be able to figure out what we're carrying and you should not bring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In your hand, I think we should either I don't know either lead with ISO or something, but you need to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe not all of us should go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That may be a better idea.
Schwartz: No, I mean.
Schwartz: I don't trust him, but that doesn't mean you can't bargain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know I mean I mean we're we would walk into his tower his magical sanctuary carrying with us, the thing that he desires most.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That feels not wise.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps in an agent, we could send someone to.
Eric Rosenbaum: offer.
Mike Sackton: It sounds.
Mike Sackton: To me like he's going to be interested in the deal were posed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah which is great, I think.
Mike Sackton: Although are we worried.
Mike Sackton: That if he's really.
Mike Sackton: I must admit to one small fear if he's really working with dark forces.
Eric Rosenbaum: We want to give this hobgoblin manage.
Over in captivity.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's an issue.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps there's a.
Eric Rosenbaum: place we could empty the mirror safely.
Mike Sackton: But I think it's not safe for her to be running loosen tell guard either.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's but I guess i'm wondering if there's any other form of captivity available if it exists within 1000 miles it's in the city.
Eric Rosenbaum: magical captivity.
Mike Sackton: Some other magical should we ask around where do you store nature villains.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just.
Eric Rosenbaum: Surely the Faculty of magic has dealt at some point.
Eric Rosenbaum: With this type of problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look, this is, I think the likelihood that Fausto is in the with dark forces is very high, I think the likelihood that at some point we're gonna have to kill fastow in battle also very high, I think the likelihood that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we walk into his magical fucking home tower carrying with us the things that we normally carry around and.
Eric Rosenbaum: If he's no good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's the likelihood that it will detect it may be small, but not zero and if he does we're not getting the Fuck out of there alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what I.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we don't even know that he has the eyes right but we just.
Mike Sackton: need to make sure we're pretty sure pretty sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where he knows he knows if he doesn't have them we he knows where they are.
Mike Sackton: Either has them or a Sultan.
He wasn't.
Mike Sackton: Right um.
Mike Sackton: I don't disagree kenzo I think a.
Mike Sackton: cautious approach with minimal.
Mike Sackton: Set we should probably not bring any magic to as tower we don't intend to part with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: MMA correct I would agree with that, furthermore, I might also suggest perhaps that you leave our items that we are not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Particularly the ones that he's going to be most interested in and yeah I don't think all of us need to go.
Kate: I think the one of it one of us parts ways to guard the items that person should hide very thoroughly, just in case he.
Kate: foresees this type of arrangement.
Mike Sackton: I think if we.
Mike Sackton: If we if we.
Mike Sackton: We have to trust that we can deal with him in good faith and that he's not spraying us right now.
Mike Sackton: right if he's gonna if he's gonna charm us the minimum we work at walk into his tower and interrogate us and ask us.
Mike Sackton: What are the items that we've seen.
Mike Sackton: we're doomed we should just not go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe we shouldn't arrange things in person in the first place, we could we could write him a letter.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: It just strikes me as suspicious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hmm no.
Mike Sackton: I think we can go if we want to trade with him, I think we can go to I actually think we we don't need to take too many precautions, I would not bring any magic there that we don't intend to park with but.
Mike Sackton: around that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, I just wanna I just thought that is the precaution i'm saying and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Furthermore, suggests that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one of us, not at least one of us not go and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Careful.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not to most things too much, but we need to trade something for the chalice as well, and what would What would we be able to trade for that.
Kate: I don't think that we have the party have two things that will satisfy caitlin emphasis and.
Kate: it's the dwarves know where.
Kate: This object is I can speak to them about hiring their own adventures to go find something worth trading or something.
Kate: I don't I don't you are my good friends, but I don't think that the.
Kate: The items that you have found in your various travels.
Kate: should be used to redeem my peoples, you know heritage, if you need them for other purposes.
Timothy Sackton: pandemonium.
Schwartz: This is thing I don't know what it would be worth to him, but we know where to find the entrances to pandemonium or borja in the wild I mean that's.
Timothy Sackton: I mean by the wild is written in off cards box so that's got to be common knowledge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right right but.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we do have we do have the scroll that brings the planes closer.
Schwartz: it's not specifically pandemonium.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's a really bad thing, but.
Mike Sackton: It is not like being.
Mike Sackton: Are we worried that galen is gonna do something bad with it, maybe we're.
Schwartz: not bad.
Mike Sackton: But definitely stoop foolish but.
Mike Sackton: I think if he.
Mike Sackton: If he goes to pandemonium and tells himself.
Mike Sackton: That our problem.
Schwartz: Is the scroll of pandemonium arrives in the possession of someone in pandemonium again that's.
Mike Sackton: that's now that's where it came from.
Schwartz: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right, the scroll ammonium came from a tower in pandemonium.
Mike Sackton: I think, bringing it back there would not cause too much harm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Look roseman we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're very gracious I think if you are willing to upon meeting galen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: figure out with your people how to negotiate with him, then it leaves us just with the problem of what might we entice Fausto with, and if it is the mirror than as you've all been saying, maybe we do want to figure out a way to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: release the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There you know, this is actually a good thing if we can wreck on this with Rosalia to ask you, is there a place in charge, and because there must be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There must be a jail or a weird like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This like.
Mike Sackton: That seems like a tough thing to read con right we didn't think of it so just anyway.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can't record.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think you could ended yet set up like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like nuts.
Mike Sackton: not saying that this was a tough thing to record.
Kate: What.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kinds of guys how's it going you.
Mike Sackton: know about weird jails he's probably spent time in jail.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's my scar was going to get us the book about.
Eric Rosenbaum: Your.
magical mirror jail.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah we're we're going to learn more about it, maybe there's like another command word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah that's actually good.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't, we need to go back to old guard to get it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah not tomorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tomorrow okay.
Mike Sackton: But wait what days tomorrow is tomorrow, Thursday yeah.
Mike Sackton: So we don't have to where are we in a rush to talk the fastest, we could wait till Friday right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can totally wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I think we need to empty the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we need to empty the mirror of definitely the hobgoblin the river and we can leave in there what's what else is in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: somebody's got to be in.
Mike Sackton: The park.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the market for.
Timothy Sackton: Work and I poison.
Eric Rosenbaum: poison troll it's probably a little less.
Eric Rosenbaum: of interest to exotic creature collectors but you know.
Mike Sackton: See before we worry too much about emptying the mirror of a hub God will be good to find out a little more.
Mike Sackton: From what we've heard a fastest he strikes me is the kind of guy who of course might very well be interested in the world, but also is not interested in hub goblins and would be there mortal enemies.
Schwartz: 200 I think the mobile perspective to it's really it's not really our problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait wait, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't you think that there's a nonzero chance that he's working with brush that five years ago he suddenly appeared and came across all this wealth don't you think I mean when when did when did i'm sorry I get captured again.
Timothy Sackton: My gate years ago.
Mike Sackton: I don't think he's working with crush if he's working.
Mike Sackton: If if they're related blastocyst crushes commander, and probably has a plan to dispose of crush when he's done, but I don't fast, why would festus we've brush with a powerful artifact.
Schwartz: Who said what what, if that is in itself information worth trading like we know where the ring of undying.
Ah.
Mike Sackton: that's a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that garage how's it.
Mike Sackton: I mean that would be an interesting we learn a lot by sharing that information.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like.
Mike Sackton: Your soul, citing him well that happened.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like that a lot.
Kate: that's.
Kate: groups.
Kate: We can always fall back on trading the mirror let's get ready to trade, the mirror but lead with we have information we think it's worth.
Mike Sackton: I don't.
Kate: I don't know if that information is worth.
Mike Sackton: The eyes that seems unlikely, but we could try it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what though actually we should bring none of our items because we're not going to make that trade there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right there and the day it's.
Mike Sackton: Now you're right.
Schwartz: We should leave the whole portable whole yeah.
Mike Sackton: just leave the portable hole in this little wet chest hidden somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With Christ person exactly.
Schwartz: And I think.
Schwartz: You know, getting trust I don't trust anyone else with the episodes the five of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so again, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If if one or two of you are of us are willing to run in this meeting, I think that would be good to just guard the whole and he's very precious items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think we should bring any of our magic with us.
Kate: So.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: let's.
Mike Sackton: Do we so galen as a thing tomorrow night.
Timothy Sackton: is open tomorrow afternoon.
Mike Sackton: Tomorrow afternoon, we want to go there first and then asked us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we learn a little bit more about this mirror.
Kate: Tomorrow day we go to learn about the mirror from the library book that.
Kate: Right scholar has for speaker to read in the office so.
Mike Sackton: So, in the interest of time we just skip ahead to get one thing tomorrow.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Just tell me what out to try to accomplish.
Schwartz: What he's got a date that night.
Eric Rosenbaum: How that's right oh snap.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tonight.
Mike Sackton: Tonight tonight tonight i'll be as a date.
Mike Sackton: yeah Wednesday night Bobby as i'm.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I think we want to learn as much as we can, about the mirror write the book and dealt with wants to sell I mean I don't know.
Kate: I don't know what your foreshadowing plan on.
Mike Sackton: level nine is exactly, but it would be convenient if we didn't we started.
Timothy Sackton: yeah and then by it's it makes much more sense for you to just buy what you want now right.
Timothy Sackton: Nice office car can whisper in your ear get that right.
Mike Sackton: So, so my plan for Thursday would be to sell the two pieces of art, for as much as we can, and then provide some sort of scraping focus and then hope to have some leftover gold after that.
Timothy Sackton: OK.
Kate: I will ask about just out of curiosity to keep our options open we're learning about this, the near but we're also asking case about medical entails.
Kate: Just we probably don't need it.
Timothy Sackton: Right okay so just to do this, all relatively quickly.
Timothy Sackton: So the.
Timothy Sackton: Let me, let me just pull up all my notes here.
Timothy Sackton: So i'm the.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so down without the art.
Timothy Sackton: One of the two paintings, so the painting of you don't miss.
Timothy Sackton: You actually are able to them rosella is art dealers able to connect you with somebody who.
Timothy Sackton: Even though it's not a particularly spectacular portrait somebody who collapse portraits of drink or it ends.
Timothy Sackton: And is advised that for 1000 gold.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Stop painting of the mountains there's less demand for, but you are able to sell that for 600 gold.
Timothy Sackton: ascribing focus costs 1000 gallons a net 600 from.
A guy.
Timothy Sackton: And you can also you know stock up on anything else does anything else in stock up on I don't know if you want to stock up on food or rations.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Kate: healing potions.
Timothy Sackton: Persons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Stop up anything to him we just go and get all the things you need for an adventure into the elven for us and say well that's what we get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To add those things to.
Timothy Sackton: take off like like.
Timothy Sackton: You know, take off.
Timothy Sackton: 100 gold or something to cover the.
Timothy Sackton: excellence.
Mike Sackton: i'm updating our party treasure.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So the book, so the when you ask about magical prisons um you what you hear is.
Timothy Sackton: there's there's rumors that it's possible to construct a mirror that traps people in.
Timothy Sackton: Extra dimensions and that.
Timothy Sackton: kinds of things there's a book in the great library about.
Timothy Sackton: Such mirrors.
Timothy Sackton: What does not like.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there are prisons to.
Timothy Sackton: There are the Petare magica has.
Timothy Sackton: cells that one can keep.
Timothy Sackton: spell casters then.
Timothy Sackton: Right so they're.
Timothy Sackton: they're like normal jealous jealous sounds but enchanted in such a way that makes it very difficult for spell casters to break out.
Timothy Sackton: But podcasters are never.
Timothy Sackton: Like you don't lock up stock actors, like you, kill them or you let them go there's no other options.
Timothy Sackton: So these cells are not designed they're not like for long term storage.
Mike Sackton: Right okay.
Timothy Sackton: mirror, so the book is fascinating secret spends a while reading it um.
Timothy Sackton: You learn.
Timothy Sackton: All about the like construction and how reality is twisted to you know, create these knots that produce these extra.
Timothy Sackton: Extra planner cells.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: You learn a few a few more details i'm trying to.
Eric Rosenbaum: He.
Timothy Sackton: See Where are you are, you know.
Kate: Starting materials, so we can make a second one.
Timothy Sackton: If you had the book and enough time you probably could make one actually, but it would take like months or a year like i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So um.
Timothy Sackton: You learn that.
Timothy Sackton: So, at the moment, you know that you can speak the name of a creature.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Some of them to the surface, where you speak because that's another command where that lets you speak, the number of a cell and the.
Timothy Sackton: creature in that cell is some entity, the front to speak.
Timothy Sackton: There is also a fourth command word that can be used to.
Timothy Sackton: move creature that can be used to like combine open doors between cells.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh that's new.
Mike Sackton: We can open all the doors and see what happens.
Schwartz: Can magic be used inside the mirror so.
Timothy Sackton: It can't affect the outside world, but it can be used in the south yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Like there's nothing stopping you from casting spells when you're in there.
Mike Sackton: So watching the river and against the hobgoblin probably won't results in her dying.
Eric Rosenbaum: True.
Mike Sackton: is, I think.
Schwartz: No, no, by the poison troll I mean, at least, it was sitting them up.
Eric Rosenbaum: The chaos would be contained within.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah and.
Eric Rosenbaum: bringing to the surface by number we maybe is new also.
Mike Sackton: that's new to.
Mike Sackton: You had to do names before.
Mike Sackton: We had to guess, I wrote the 20 i'm guessing the hobgoblin name, which is the only reason that succeeded.
Eric Rosenbaum: know we can get to them by number and open don't internal doors cool yep.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so that's.
Timothy Sackton: I think that's mostly what you want to learn, so you all meet again at.
Timothy Sackton: galen lecture.
Timothy Sackton: Now this is this is in one of the like Nice.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: One of the Nice, the nicer colleges um it's like a fancy lecture hall.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's.
Timothy Sackton: there's maybe 200 people gathered here.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's why this.
Mike Sackton: All that before you start this one other question, we have a bunch of uncut gemstones is it worth trying to find somebody who caught them and then.
Mike Sackton: Like what's the mechanism for turning them into super valuable gemstones.
Timothy Sackton: find somebody who has a gym cut her and pay them to cut them.
Timothy Sackton: I mean that will take some time.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we'll just forget it keep going let's just not.
Mike Sackton: We have enough money for we have we have plenty of working capital I don't think we need to worry.
Timothy Sackton: So gatlin is like just rocking out on stage and there's like a podium and sitting on the podium is.
Timothy Sackton: So there's like.
Timothy Sackton: Like a brass with twisting lines of silver like censure like thing you would burn incense incense and.
Timothy Sackton: And galen strides out.
Timothy Sackton: He is a.
Timothy Sackton: Like pretty large fat man balding thing Gray hair.
Timothy Sackton: Has like eight rings on his fingers are different gems as wearing like a.
Timothy Sackton: Well, tailored robe and cloak with like this ornate.
Timothy Sackton: chain with a little bottle.
Timothy Sackton: On the bottom of the chain.
Timothy Sackton: Around his neck, you know everything is silk and juuled he walked slowly sort of ponderously like gesturing welcome welcome my friends.
Timothy Sackton: Welcome to my demonstration of the elemental planes.
Timothy Sackton: gives a slight bow people are sort of into it right there's some scattered applause he.
Timothy Sackton: draws out of his cloak or out of like a pouch buys as about like a wandering marketing focus or something and waves his hand and behold, and you see before you what's obviously an illusion, but just have a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a river of.
Timothy Sackton: Fire sprouting out of it i'm.
Timothy Sackton: In the distance, you can see what looks like a city of brass there are giant like salamander like creatures striding out of the lava and looking around and sort of like.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know 10 foot long salamanders and one of the rears open and looks around any way is his hand again and the scene changes to.
Timothy Sackton: Like a forest of clouds blowing rapidly, like you, can you get the feeling of wind blowing across the sky lightning striking and flying through it all and, like a swirling twisting pattern.
Timothy Sackton: looks like.
Timothy Sackton: A man dressed in a loose tunic with like a whirlwind for feet with blue skin flying up and then doing a bow and, as he sort of swan dives into the clouds the scene turns into just endless expanse of water.
Timothy Sackton: And the man who's doing this swan dive now begin to like swim deeper and deeper and.
Timothy Sackton: Like a giant like coral formation just kind of floating in this endless open ocean begins to crack open.
Timothy Sackton: And as the the man swims and you can see his turned into a creature made of water and he swims inside this like giant.
Timothy Sackton: coral ball that's beginning to split open and you see it's completely filled with gems just packed and it turns into this creatures stone and punches the back of this coral and gems spray everywhere and.
Timothy Sackton: form.
Timothy Sackton: Like mud everywhere that done solidifies just into.
Timothy Sackton: Basically, just a wall of dirt embedded with all these gems.
Timothy Sackton: And he snaps his fingers and advantages, the whole.
Timothy Sackton: vision of the elemental plans as i've experienced them.
Timothy Sackton: I just saw that Michael get to that in a.
Timothy Sackton: Second, no worries on on the people at the last for us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is Gala human.
Timothy Sackton: yeah he's a human.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's he look like.
Timothy Sackton: He is.
Timothy Sackton: holiness his late 50s early 60s like.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty fat like like eats a lot, you know pretty like bulky guy like six fingers with.
Timothy Sackton: Things things on most of the fingers and then graying hair, but with a bald on the top, but like a little ring of.
Timothy Sackton: Gray hair around the.
Timothy Sackton: Around the back, clean shaven wearing silks.
Eric Rosenbaum: And he has a necklace with a bottle as.
Timothy Sackton: A necklace of lakes gold, with a little bottle out at the end of the night class that's just bejeweled.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: And that as.
Eric Rosenbaum: A little.
Mike Sackton: kindness right concert, I wanted to catch the tech magic before do my eyes magic.
Timothy Sackton: For sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: The bottle is probably where the gin lives and the tin is who we're seeing in the story there.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, he he continues this demonstration and he he says.
Timothy Sackton: The creatures of these elemental planes.
Timothy Sackton: full of Majesty and can be summit and here.
Timothy Sackton: To be our service inside need and he picks up this brace here the sensor and he snaps his fingers and lights and incense starts to pour out of it and he's.
Timothy Sackton: waving it back and forth like this and as the incense begins to come out the bridge at the Center is magical the wire and he was holding is all still magical.
Timothy Sackton: As the smoke begins to come out it begins to twist it begins to twirl and it eventually begins to form into this tornado which then shapes itself into a roughly humanoid form and get and get some a slate bow and says in a language to any of you speak primordial.
Timothy Sackton: or no I don't think so language, none of you understand.
Timothy Sackton: A few words.
Mike Sackton: um i'm going to cast tongues why the hell not.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Then.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's not against the law okay.
Timothy Sackton: No tongues isn't against the law.
Mike Sackton: No intent to deceive it's not.
Mike Sackton: Good, the only thing that's against the laws is stuff Castle with intent to deceive.
Timothy Sackton: or violence enchantment.
Timothy Sackton: And illusions intended to deceive.
Right.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: The the elemental creature is saying is like bowing and saying master you have called me, what can I do for you.
Timothy Sackton: And galen speaks back in this language that the rest of you don't understand i'm put on a show for my audience and that the.
Timothy Sackton: elemental flies up into the sky, to the ceiling of the bottom of the lecture Hall, and then turn you know becomes basically a thundercloud and just starts whirling whirling whirling like a like a tornado and when galen snaps his finger the whirling stops.
Timothy Sackton: And he waves his hand and rain begins to fall.
Timothy Sackton: From from the ceiling and he says the planes can blend together and he.
Timothy Sackton: blows and.
Timothy Sackton: waves, this one again and, like.
Timothy Sackton: fog begins to.
appear.
Timothy Sackton: The borders between the elemental planes are not fixed.
Timothy Sackton: Water turns the fog.
Timothy Sackton: Air turns to smoke turns to fire.
Timothy Sackton: mud turns to stone turns to water.
Timothy Sackton: And then he weighs the one again at a new illusion appears like a spinning wheel of fire and he says, and we can reach into these planes.
Timothy Sackton: Through the deepest oceans, the hottest volcanoes.
Timothy Sackton: The high mountain peaks.
Timothy Sackton: deep underground and he puts his hand into this like obviously illusion of a portal to the plane of fire and pauses hand out and it.
Mike Sackton: Is this elemental and actual elemental.
Yes.
Timothy Sackton: And it looks like he's dragging some other creature through and then he.
Timothy Sackton: throws his hand down and the portal burst into flames.
Timothy Sackton: Such events are.
Timothy Sackton: Of great danger and must only be attempted, by those most skilled.
Timothy Sackton: Most aware of the challenges that controlling these other planes presents.
Timothy Sackton: Any know this goes on for a while, basically, he summons illusions of seems like this one, that he's waving around as some sort of wanted delusions and he summons the illusion of.
Timothy Sackton: earth elemental of fire elemental water elemental, and each time the elemental like flies down and and destroys the illusion using first just swirling around it like a whirlwind until it gets dispersed.
Timothy Sackton: punching straight through the the fire elemental and then.
Timothy Sackton: Further earth elemental like flying down and then flying off to the Center of it and and this like bolt of lightning follows the elemental as it flies up to the ceiling and the earth elemental just splits apart.
Timothy Sackton: And then you know he speaks again and he bows and he says.
Timothy Sackton: As the show sort of ends, you know this has gone on for probably at least half an hour 40 minutes, with his showmanship and everything and he says.
Timothy Sackton: Their power courses through our world in many places.
Timothy Sackton: Look, for marvels wherever you go keep your eyes open your ears your senses and you will see the magic of the planes in the world around you.
Timothy Sackton: And he gives the bow.
Timothy Sackton: The elemental fades.
Schwartz: much faster at the clapping.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's like people are people are into this right it's like.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like wait, but but he's supposed to be an academic right is you just like doing this as like a show or was there, like and now you know, if you like, like professing stuff.
Timothy Sackton: This is like very much like a show like he's not.
Eric Rosenbaum: an odd thing is seekers impression that.
Eric Rosenbaum: No elemental magic was demonstrated actually.
Timothy Sackton: wow the elemental was real.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But honestly, it was just pictures.
Timothy Sackton: The rest of it was basically just illusions, yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: But the mine I I feel like I have seen the plane, the fire in a dream.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it looks like that.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean it seems to be an accurate depiction from all you're aware of, but he wasn't actually opening portals anywhere.
Timothy Sackton: Right, although many people in the audience seem somewhat.
Timothy Sackton: Uncertain on this point, like what exactly was he doing.
Timothy Sackton: But your in your experience this was mostly illusion, this is just the elemental itself.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the air elemental.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, what did recently I say it was his relationship, they are elemental.
Eric Rosenbaum: virgin that same.
Timothy Sackton: While she said it was the source of his magic.
Timothy Sackton: jen's being much more powerful than arrow mantels but also plane of air creatures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how do you capture Virgin.
Timothy Sackton: You have no idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can our contract.
Timothy Sackton: sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: y'all.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are kind of checks.
Timothy Sackton: Can secret, I mean anybody who's proficient in our corner.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, and terrible there there you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: I mean like Of course there are stories that, if you like, find the.
Timothy Sackton: lamp of a genie and you.
Timothy Sackton: Create from its present it'll give you three wishes.
Timothy Sackton: sticker isn't like deeply aware of the.
Timothy Sackton: Other like how you and control a gin I mean they're quite powerful right.
Timothy Sackton: And there's like various levels of them to right so there's like lesser Jim.
The greater just.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: masters of air type thing so it's you know.
Timothy Sackton: One would go about doing that is not.
Timothy Sackton: Something that you're super aware of.
Timothy Sackton: But there's also I mean there's lots of stories about people getting magic from freeing jeans and things like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it possible that the the the agenda has some power over galen.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yeah it's possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: That it's like who's working for whom here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: After the show do we have a chance to.
Timothy Sackton: yeah there's like people going off, but you can definitely going to talk to them.
Timothy Sackton: If you want to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like Bruce mentioned probably be an active participant in this.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was a cool illusion it looked like.
Eric Rosenbaum: You were leaning against your virtual wall there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the other way.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You want to go up and talk to them yet.
Timothy Sackton: So you wait a few minutes for like the crowd to disperse a little bit and.
Timothy Sackton: sort of approach him and he.
Timothy Sackton: He he looks over the five of you wow wow.
Timothy Sackton: Some talents in the room, I see.
Timothy Sackton: What what brings you to my humble lecture.
Kate: With like to know if you're interested beginning negotiations.
Kate: for something that we believe you have.
Kate: Money or magical objects information.
Kate: What would it what would perhaps.
Kate: tempt you to return the chalice to the room priests, to the door and people vivante mountains.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, the chakras.
Timothy Sackton: My studies of that item have not been very successful it.
Timothy Sackton: claims to have power to open portals to other plans and yet seems not to be the case.
Timothy Sackton: I am beginning to suspect it is hardly magical at all um.
Timothy Sackton: I would.
Timothy Sackton: Trade it for.
Timothy Sackton: What do you have to offer you know I am interested in.
Timothy Sackton: elemental magic and the magic of the planes.
Timothy Sackton: I am certainly willing to discuss the deal.
Kate: Is this the time in the setting we'd like to have that conversation, or should we.
Kate: plan a conversation.
wow.
Timothy Sackton: you're here and i'm here Oh, I have some time for my next engagement.
Timothy Sackton: Please um.
Timothy Sackton: Tommy what good like walk with me through my body such.
Timothy Sackton: A trip, please do there's no reason to delay, if you have.
Timothy Sackton: something to offer.
Kate: I can't really decide whether our previous conversation ended up with us having something to offer and not.
Kate: Having something really.
Kate: We.
Mike Sackton: should find out what I mean Okay, so what.
Mike Sackton: what's the interest you're on mute choice.
Schwartz: we've got the location of the portal to arborio we've got the.
Schwartz: monk dude in Tokyo who works on interpreter magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: That we can.
Schwartz: You know, introduce him he's got a method for harvesting energy across thinner boundaries like that's.
Schwartz: You know that's information in connection, but its back and sweeten the pot.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ring containing a face spirit.
Schwartz: I don't think we should go there necessarily.
Schwartz: I mean the two plane or magic things that we have, we should not talk.
Schwartz: mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the the dream mirror also which we have not even used to actually.
Kate: Is that planar magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know I apparently it's divination magic next one.
Schwartz: We have the scroll of pandemonium.
Eric Rosenbaum: He would surely be interested in that.
Schwartz: That seems like it's over offering, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah he's he I mean he's a pushing negotiator he's already like well, I have this item, but I think it's kind of useless so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God.
Schwartz: you've got one oh.
Schwartz: I know.
Schwartz: Why don't we offer the price that he paid for it, plus the.
Schwartz: information to the person that took her.
Kate: yeah I think I was gonna say that.
Kate: The.
Kate: cool you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a letter of introduction to the person that talk.
Mike Sackton: yeah and some information, I mean we could tell them about the portal to our borja.
Mike Sackton: And pandemonium.
Kate: We have ventured in places where we encountered.
Kate: interpreter interfaces and and people able to manipulate planar power.
Kate: But the people.
Kate: of my of the bounty mountains my people had thought that we might perhaps offer to purchase this item, I see that you were are more interested in.
Kate: I fully understand the you are more interested in your studies and advancing this knowledge than a mere money, but perhaps some combination of information and and gold could be.
Kate: A worthwhile substitute for a particular type of object.
Timothy Sackton: wow wow.
Timothy Sackton: I did spend.
Timothy Sackton: quite some amount of money acquiring this from the great library, one of the last expeditions they sent more than a year ago now.
Timothy Sackton: And it has been a.
Timothy Sackton: disappointment, to be honest, it has some resonance with one of the outer planes but.
Timothy Sackton: cannot be accessed somehow.
Timothy Sackton: In any case.
Timothy Sackton: I certainly wouldn't mind recouping my losses if such a thing were possible.
Timothy Sackton: Although some little thing to study would be most appreciated as well, of course.
Timothy Sackton: This is so dear to your people, that should not be a difficult thing to provide.
Kate: It is a great fortune to my people that we have been able to locate you and know with, to whom we might be offering something.
Kate: I did not come prepared with an object that was in the possession of the Durban people, as I was not aware, when I made the travels great journey from.
Kate: The avanti mountains to this great city that that would be the type of thing you would value, now that I have learned up your interesting studies and made this connection I can reach out to my people, but I thought that I should approach you and make you aware of our interest.
Kate: so that I could communicate with us a bit with my elders about resourcing the appropriate.
Kate: Exchange.
Timothy Sackton: wow wow I mean.
Timothy Sackton: course I.
Timothy Sackton: decided i'm is on the market, I can't I can't promise it's going to remain unsolved for.
Timothy Sackton: forever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I seem to make a deal for now risen.
Timothy Sackton: I mean yeah should you wish to acquire and I would.
Timothy Sackton: suggest you do start with sooner, but it's of course up to you, up to you, I mean.
Timothy Sackton: tell you.
Schwartz: make us enough for them.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no, no, no, no.
Schwartz: Too much.
Timothy Sackton: 8000 gold.
Timothy Sackton: I mean don't forget, you also have a letter of.
Timothy Sackton: Credit with.
Timothy Sackton: Like the doorbell they charge any.
Timothy Sackton: problem what's his name think I you mad in darby.
Timothy Sackton: But you could get probably 10,000 gold.
Timothy Sackton: With a.
Timothy Sackton: warning.
Timothy Sackton: i'm not wearing of course some.
Timothy Sackton: Some small item of magical interest.
Timothy Sackton: To leave me with something for my studies, of course.
Kate: Do your studies never involve small voyages that might take you to places of interaction.
Timothy Sackton: Each.
Kate: arborio or.
Timothy Sackton: there's so much in charge, and I would not.
Timothy Sackton: It is not worth it, to leave this place, there is the world comes here.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you have come here.
Timothy Sackton: isn't a dog yes.
Timothy Sackton: If you have nothing to offer them, then how about.
Timothy Sackton: 10,000 gold.
Timothy Sackton: I can buy my own magical trinkets.
Mike Sackton: let's discuss for all I dealt with a sort of step and say what what else consult for a moment.
Eric Rosenbaum: We we are likely to have a trinket or to the week apart with.
Kate: Where do we.
Mike Sackton: He saying 8000 verses 10,000 seems like we should be able to find a trinket that would save the dwarves a couple thousand maybe they'll Polish our gems for us.
Eric Rosenbaum: We.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have, for example in Kansas possession, the spearpoint statue of continual flame or.
Mike Sackton: I mean how small a trinket does eat right like.
Schwartz: The black light candle yeah me.
Schwartz: origin.
Mike Sackton: charlatans dice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no Those are just regular days.
Mike Sackton: As.
Eric Rosenbaum: far as you're concerned.
Mike Sackton: Oh it's like we have a couple of like random little things that we could probably park with.
Kate: A candle.
Schwartz: yeah.
Kate: And I mean how serious are we about a like a if he doesn't so he doesn't go anywhere, so this is a problem with our information, but like.
Kate: Corresponding by letter magical whatever sending somebody to like go purchase a custom item from.
Kate: magical item maker guy like do we want to introduce him to magical item maker guy like would is there.
Kate: Anything else.
Mike Sackton: That it doesn't strike me as I don't think there's a downside, but it doesn't seem like he's.
Mike Sackton: Already named a price without a match right I don't think he's gonna be like Oh well, if you give me an introduction to some guy all.
Mike Sackton: Right, what does he care right.
Mike Sackton: yeah and and obviously we could like go, we could send a letter to the match guide guide to be like, can you make us another item and then send it back here and that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why are we doing this, why don't why don't we just do $10,000.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: install today wait.
Mike Sackton: What while we're trying to help the dwarves a bit I guess.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh okay.
Kate: I mean if you don't care about your candle, then we could try like 1000 and a candle and if he's like this candle stupid we'll just go with 10,000.
Eric Rosenbaum: I support that idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah in fact here's the candle we've never burned it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Even for a second so we're standing with him in this empty lecture Hall, we could light it as the demonstration of its value, which would be dramatic.
Mike Sackton: It makes things dark is that what it does.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah would suddenly be blind until the snuff it out.
Eric Rosenbaum: It would be amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: done.
Kate: All right, let's do a demonstration, because he likes that sort of he seems like the person yes.
Kate: See here.
Mike Sackton: yeah well well like you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: DEMO it.
yep hmm.
Kate: Alright, so we turn around.
Kate: We light the candle.
Timothy Sackton: it's like 15 feet in all directions now.
Timothy Sackton: instantly dark.
Timothy Sackton: just not the entire lecture Hall, but it's the stage it's like podium where you're talking with.
Eric Rosenbaum: us in a second.
Kate: With this say object be acceptable.
Kate: As a.
Kate: portion of your price and then turn it off.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, indeed um that that does seem quite interesting.
Timothy Sackton: Because, of course, not a permanent I was, I imagine, this.
Timothy Sackton: candle will burn.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: How about.
Timothy Sackton: 8500 and the candle.
Kate: I will go to the bank and arrange for your payment.
Timothy Sackton: If you.
Timothy Sackton: Combine my.
Timothy Sackton: My abode in the morning, I will be, I will be happy to deliver this challenge to you and exchange.
Timothy Sackton: pleasure doing business with you.
Kate: Indeed, an honor to bet you will see you tomorrow.
Indeed.
Timothy Sackton: He goes off to his house.
Kate: thanks for the black magic candle guys.
Mike Sackton: Do dwarfs want to cut some gems for us.
Kate: I mean you're not really doing you much good if you're just going to carry them around I certainly known Jim.
Kate: polishers in certain toner Oh, though, there might be some around here.
Mike Sackton: Which other Solomon.
Timothy Sackton: yeah sure sure there's some chart and to.
Kate: give you may not be in charge, and to pick them up well.
Mike Sackton: Could we can we get some of that.
Mike Sackton: magic letter that gives us money action.
Mike Sackton: usually do the dwarves half I mean.
Mike Sackton: Could we trade on race wins good name and and the fact that we just helped out the dwarves to.
Mike Sackton: Basically, get them to.
Mike Sackton: set us up a bit of a bank account.
Mike Sackton: That could be used.
Schwartz: Oh yeah actually either either we gave the candle freely, or it doesn't it's very pragmatic thing you're suggesting but it doesn't doesn't feel us necessarily.
Kate: yeah it also.
Kate: isn't that much more useful than a uncut gem think there's still like the matter of exercising it at a bank sort of.
Kate: Action so.
Mike Sackton: yeah learning to be greedy.
Kate: your main problem with your anchor gems as you'd never still anywhere long enough, so the main.
Kate: advantage, giving me your uncut gems to get around to getting polished at some point and getting them back to you at some point is the long term turnover of the ocean unless you're about to go relax in a gem cutting camera you haven't set up any trouble for about a month right.
Mike Sackton: Fair enough.
Timothy Sackton: So, so what is your.
Timothy Sackton: Tomorrow resin or go get the money and take the candle in the.
Timothy Sackton: And the.
Timothy Sackton: gold to get the chalice you have a standing invitation me, you have an introduction to faster, you can.
Timothy Sackton: Only go anytime you want to approach him to.
Timothy Sackton: be like.
Kate: In.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: want to learn learn about the mirror.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Kate: yeah basically learn there's nothing that we can learn this useful, I mean we now know all the tricks, but none of it is like the way to call it back to you after you've sold it to some other wizard.
Kate: So.
Kate: or self destructed or anything.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: So I think tomorrow what's let's get on with it go the fastest let's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pull it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But go to fastest like what with with our mirror and I hobgoblin like sorcerer trapped inside that we're just going to give them.
Mike Sackton: yep yep.
Schwartz: I mean, I think we negotiate without them you're on our person and then.
Schwartz: Currently delivery yes.
Kate: We negotiate anything on our person and maybe I could I mean I could take your lead box well i'm going to the dorm and bank and stuff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or, I think that sounds like a great idea also risen was visual version Where are you with us and you don't This is our.
Kate: I wasn't our.
Mike Sackton: Vision wasn't you don't tell her.
Kate: That was was the last that was last thing we did before I.
Kate: Will and I read off.
Mike Sackton: Right last time we saw risk when prior to the werewolves and TELCO was villains was the dumbest tower.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mm hmm.
Schwartz: yeah.
Schwartz: Well let's maybe tonight we see if we can set up a meeting tomorrow.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So this will be Friday totally happy to meet adventures anytime.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow holy shit.
Timothy Sackton: So you are, you are just going.
Timothy Sackton: So you get are you what are you doing with the chalice are you going to go pick it up.
Kate: i'm running solo errands where I get money have candle get chalice.
Kate: All the time having special.
Kate: Special lead pouch in my you know safely secure job.
Timothy Sackton: everybody else is going not.
Mike Sackton: Where this one.
Schwartz: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is my.
Schwartz: little bit yes.
Timothy Sackton: wow that's awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And this is my.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: don't know God color of the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is the most i've drawn like ever in my life, probably like right now.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay so.
Timothy Sackton: You meet.
i'm.
Just gonna.
Timothy Sackton: text there, I can see everything okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you meet.
Timothy Sackton: The four of you, without.
Timothy Sackton: Without resin is off running errands um.
Timothy Sackton: I fastow's tower in the morning has has tower is.
Timothy Sackton: So it's maybe 200 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: The there's a two stories at the bottom that are like.
Timothy Sackton: Like not a tower it's like a.
Timothy Sackton: Like a relatively large Manor type house and then the Tower comes up from from the middle of the of the manor it's an octagonal tower That just goes up into the sky to us like swooping curve and it's entirely um it's entirely.
Timothy Sackton: White with like veins of Gray and silver that run off and then a series of.
Timothy Sackton: stained glass so there's a stained glass windows that are like at the bottom chunk and then there's a long section, with no windows and then near the top there's like three very large circular stained glass like rose window type things.
Timothy Sackton: And you know, has your expected and so you're ushered in to.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like kind of a.
Timothy Sackton: an audience chamber of sorts right so it's not exactly a throne room but.
Timothy Sackton: You know there's like a paper that's like a chair on a raised is and then like.
Timothy Sackton: A table at the bottom, where people can sit and he sort of comes comes down from the Chair he's.
Timothy Sackton: fastow is a.
Timothy Sackton: he's a young, maybe, maybe in his.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm sorry, there was a car accident like directly in front of my house, so there was.
Eric Rosenbaum: crazy loud sound and then like.
Eric Rosenbaum: My neighbor got outside before I did and call 911 and the lady was Okay, but our cars upside down somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So oh my God dude.
Eric Rosenbaum: wow yeah the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now there's a.
Eric Rosenbaum: ton of people outside and a fire engine just arrived and.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just startling.
Timothy Sackton: turn away.
Timothy Sackton: So at fastest hour.
Timothy Sackton: resident as off getting the chalice and getting money from the dwarves and stuff you've just been ushered into his.
Timothy Sackton: into his.
Timothy Sackton: Like audience Chamber sort of room and he's like maybe early 30s well groomed not not off contentiously wealthy, like some of the other people you've met in the sort of upper strata of shut down in society, but um you know uh well Taylor silk tunic and and trousers and.
Timothy Sackton: You know short curly black hair like tight, on top of his head sort of like traditional classic like Roman sort of thing.
Timothy Sackton: You know how striking man clearly puts a lot of time into his appearance.
Timothy Sackton: And he agreed to his you know, agreed to friendly you know charming, he says.
Timothy Sackton: Please, please welcome he sort of comes down from the status and sits at the table with you, I adventurers like either.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, interested in in jobs, perhaps.
Timothy Sackton: i'm actually yes happy to speak.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm TIM, is he, like clearly a servant of evil.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I saw him.
Mike Sackton: black and shriveled.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah is he has been labeled.
Timothy Sackton: he's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 11th level.
Timothy Sackton: You know he is.
Mike Sackton: that's how I like three levels higher than us, we could probably take them with that surprise.
Mike Sackton: jump on right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, we are in our.
Mike Sackton: I think will say.
Mike Sackton: I mean our plan is just to be up front right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No our plan is first well First, we want to learn more about him right, so I think like as Meta game, we want to first be adventures, and like hear about the stuff that he's interested.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah right, and then the end we we you know we've all over potential jobs, and then we say oh and, by the way, you know, on one of our recent adventures this thing happen we're curious about you know what you might want to these eyes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: So, so what we'll start by saying that we are certainly.
Mike Sackton: We heard about this expedition that he's mounting to warrior and.
Mike Sackton: Although we have a number of.
Mike Sackton: Potential offers and.
Mike Sackton: directions, we might go from Chardin we are interested in hearing his uh his description of the expedition and what he's offering.
Timothy Sackton: well indeed.
Timothy Sackton: If I know you spoken with the D.
Timothy Sackton: thousand gold each upfront plus expenses.
Timothy Sackton: You keep.
Timothy Sackton: 80% of the treasure you recover.
Timothy Sackton: I select maybe a few items to keep for my collection or sale on my own.
Timothy Sackton: Laura as.
Timothy Sackton: You may know scholar friend of mine who has been traveling there and has discovered.
Timothy Sackton: Some rumors of possible treasure hordes from before the Great War, so we would like to explore, of course, treasure hordes are often dangerous things often in ruins or abandoned places that require some skill to navigate without dying.
Timothy Sackton: So yeah So do you Dana are getting ready to go, but I.
Timothy Sackton: would be very happy to send.
Timothy Sackton: Some additional travelers that.
Timothy Sackton: I think you would make their expedition safer and more productive for everyone.
Timothy Sackton: Looking glancing over you seem well equipped.
Timothy Sackton: Well armored anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Looking at our.
Mike Sackton: actually think that was probably is where.
Timothy Sackton: you're not right.
Mike Sackton: Now, I think, yes, I think, yes okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we are where we're at we've got our like we changed it like this, is the opposite of what we were with yourself, this is like pulling guard we've got our adventure garb on right now.
Schwartz: it's flattering will be says to be addressed that way, and it is true we've had our way through a good share of scripts.
Schwartz: here's what I wonder always you know I grew up around deals and deal making and my wonder is what if there's nothing there, or what if we have to be competent at finding us.
Schwartz: up all of us together it.
Is.
Timothy Sackton: Time.
Timothy Sackton: To say you likely will die.
Timothy Sackton: I wouldn't wish it upon you, but in competence adventure is rarely survive very long.
Timothy Sackton: The world is a dangerous place up there.
Well yeah if you.
Timothy Sackton: find nothing.
Timothy Sackton: You know 80% of nothing is nothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the kinds of things you talk about the message and says yeah he's curious friendly you're nothing malevolent so far.
Good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On that seems fair that seems fair um we were curious, though, again, I mean you've got you've got a quite a reputation amongst adventurers and we've been traveling quite a bunch recently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And what else, are you looking for are there other expeditions that you're planning Are there things that you a value to you that we might be in service of the trying to acquire for you, for even you know, a better price.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow every everyone has the same deal here thousand gold up front and 80% of what you recover it and.
Mike Sackton: You correctly, you select the 20% you keep.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yes, that is correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and so that's that's what what i'm kind of curious about is you know, are there, particular types of items or types of things that you're looking for that you're.
Timothy Sackton: most interested in.
Timothy Sackton: Well i'm all interesting all sorts of things got older, the better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: mm hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fight together arrows or you know elven artifacts we have an artifact string Korean artifacts you know what's what's your interest.
Timothy Sackton: Anything anything.
Schwartz: Perhaps another way to pose the question is, if we can't make it on this expedition to loria.
Schwartz: Is there next one.
Timothy Sackton: Oh there's always another expedition the ancient ruins of this world have hardly been plums today there's even more recent ruins.
Timothy Sackton: I haven't turned my attention yet to the North or the East but there may be.
Timothy Sackton: places to search there as well.
Timothy Sackton: So that's another expedition.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I suppose, also because you know we are planning we we will be journeying to other places, and are likely to come back chart in in the not too distant future, so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: On you know if there if you are, you seem to be the type of person to come to if there were items of interest that we might be able to fetch a fair price for you is what part of overseeing to.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I could do by only a handful of selected things.
Timothy Sackton: But.
Timothy Sackton: Most happy to discuss if you have something.
Timothy Sackton: You would like to sell.
Timothy Sackton: Just let me know.
Timothy Sackton: And, as I say, the older, the better.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was gonna go into the dyes.
Mike Sackton: And everyone was I was going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so well, speaking of old items on you know there's an item that we're interested in that we believe you know we cross paths, with some of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Some some colleagues of yours, and they have been on an expedition out to the East, we come here from Denmark, and we were curious about the eyes from you don't miss this Tower.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed, yes.
Timothy Sackton: you're interested in those.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We are, indeed, we are indeed.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I I would consider a trade and kind.
Timothy Sackton: They are.
Timothy Sackton: they're not common items giant size, but they are.
Timothy Sackton: they're not.
Timothy Sackton: I would be willing to trade them they're not key to my collection.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wonderful wonderful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And I guess you know what what types of items might be commensurate to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For such for such eyes for the giant eyes.
Timothy Sackton: wow I mean my first question would be.
Timothy Sackton: Your adventurers.
Timothy Sackton: How can I give you the giant size, instead of 1000 gold apiece.
Timothy Sackton: And you had off to a warrior.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh man.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Meta game.
Mike Sackton: that's an intriguing offer.
Mike Sackton: That we had a.
Mike Sackton: We might have to discuss.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That isn't really intriguing offer.
Timothy Sackton: On appeal to you, then.
Timothy Sackton: i'm always interested in.
Timothy Sackton: prayer unusual things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That again how far is a loria from.
Mike Sackton: it's like where we were basically it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Your doorbell.
Timothy Sackton: Right it's like almost near Darbar.
Mike Sackton: yeah by boat is probably.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: A little bit further than okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also Meta game is it is it the case to the next time we're playing is going to be in Cape cod.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so basically we have to decide, because this is a pretty fucking enticing offer honestly to like just get the eyes for free and then.
Mike Sackton: I think kim's gonna kill us if we change our mind after we tell them what we're gonna do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, no, no cuz i'm just wondering right because, like if it's just a question of what we want to do when we're on the cake.
Mike Sackton: Exactly yeah and I don't know they can change your mind up to the end of this session for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure hey I know but but that's what i'm saying is like just you know what do we want to do on the Cape like do we want to be, I mean loria can be fine to be we'd be on an island.
Mike Sackton: And it'd be like you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: an island, on an island kind of you know, the vibes sort of thing or do we want to be in the album for us, which is what really want to go and it's like really pretty fucking exciting cool we're not going to do both right.
Mike Sackton: I don't think so.
Mike Sackton: Okay first one oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so we got to pick one or the other, which is like.
Mike Sackton: I mean we can do, both in the Grand scheme of things.
Mike Sackton: Of course, you know the.
Mike Sackton: Worst isn't going anywhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but, but like what are we gonna do in person on the cake.
Mike Sackton: Because that's going to be special yeah you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: that'll be really.
Eric Rosenbaum: only want to work for.
Eric Rosenbaum: This guy know.
Eric Rosenbaum: My free it's like 5000 cold.
Kate: Work for this guy who might.
Kate: I don't know even despite all the lake so citing do we still suspects some sort of like horrible motive for like.
Kate: yeah we're trying to acquire all of the like magical things that would make him like world dominating so if his like top awful sorcerer people come back to him and fill them all in on like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's also true yeah.
Kate: And then we come back and we're like.
Kate: Oh, we got you this thing we'd like the giant is now and he's like cassius kill them.
Mike Sackton: Why is he suggesting giving us the giant eyes when we mean the thousand gold was up front, I shall ask.
Mike Sackton: yeah I wasn't gold was an offer up front.
Mike Sackton: As the giant as a similar upfront offer.
Timothy Sackton: Oh no my friend, you would just walk off with them, how can I keep you.
Timothy Sackton: How would I, how would I trust you to keep your end of the bargain.
Timothy Sackton: no obligation to.
Timothy Sackton: Come back with anything particular.
Timothy Sackton: But I will be writing a letter.
Timothy Sackton: And he will write me back and say you arrived and you helped him.
Timothy Sackton: And then, when you return, you will get the eyes.
Timothy Sackton: I won't let you just walk off with them.
Schwartz: sort of the minor kid emergency where where we.
Mike Sackton: For.
Mike Sackton: US for going to war yeah.
Timothy Sackton: He said, if you went to a bar yeah and help service give you a giant came back.
Schwartz: In the in the gems also.
Mike Sackton: The gems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With NASA other gems.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if those matter.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's say that yeah and the gems.
Timothy Sackton: Sure i'll throw I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Those are part and parcel with the eyes, yes.
Timothy Sackton: Or consider that part of the same collection if you if you go in and help service and return, let me take my 20% you'll walk out of here with those items.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Short, we were just met a gaming what we want to do on the cake, because the next time we meet is going to be in person on the Cape so do we want to be in a loria and do an adventure on islands to like work or yeah we gotta.
Schwartz: I gotta run again for seconds okay.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Mike Sackton: Your offers quite intriguing for sure we do have some other offers that we are considering.
Mike Sackton: As well as some.
Mike Sackton: of our own business that we might.
Mike Sackton: That we are considering as well.
it's.
Timothy Sackton: it's all up to you.
And i'm.
Timothy Sackton: No obligation here i'm just making you an offer for the thing you.
Mike Sackton: I suppose.
Mike Sackton: Information is not really.
Mike Sackton: something you trade in.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow I must, it is extremely valuable information.
Timothy Sackton: That would not have.
Timothy Sackton: That would not be sufficient interest to.
Timothy Sackton: acquire such a.
Timothy Sackton: relic as these eyes of a storm.
Mike Sackton: What.
Mike Sackton: Do we do we're gonna we're telling him right yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah what What would the information about the there's a there's a story we've heard about a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Slow yeah what's the story, as we actually know the location.
Kate: well.
Mike Sackton: What kind of.
Mike Sackton: story we've heard about an ancient drink Korean ring have been dying a rating that lets you bring bring the dead back to life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because we are as real you.
Mike Sackton: Have you heard of this thing.
Timothy Sackton: i've heard rumors.
Timothy Sackton: Make it make an inside check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With advantage.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: House what easy right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: roles that should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold higher than 10 all day today.
Mike Sackton: We know where that item is.
Mike Sackton: how valuable is that.
Timothy Sackton: I would be interested to know, such a thing.
Timothy Sackton: is not worth.
Timothy Sackton: A giant size.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What if we were share it we're sure where to share to you that information and then perhaps.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other some other items is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Moderate value.
Timothy Sackton: Well, what do you consider a moderate value.
Timothy Sackton: The magic items like these, everybody values things differently.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well, I really it's a question of what you consider to go at the end of the day.
Timothy Sackton: What do you have to tell me what you're offering.
Timothy Sackton: were to be found that you're willing to trade.
Timothy Sackton: I can tell you what I value.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do we have.
Timothy Sackton: The infinite possibility of.
understood verse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Delaware you think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Michael you think.
wow.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: there's the mirror I don't know what we have that's worth any.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other than the mirror the mirror.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who did the mirror by itself.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah That was my boy, but but not, but if we can do a lesser item.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plus the Info you know.
Mike Sackton: I just what I mean we don't really want to give him the scroll pandemonium right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know weirdly he's doesn't seem like evil and like under the thought like I don't think he's like you know crashes legion you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I probably shouldn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We.
Mike Sackton: should mention it.
Mike Sackton: Not committing to anything.
Mike Sackton: We have a we found a scroll.
Mike Sackton: which came from the plane of pandemonium.
Mike Sackton: is said to.
Mike Sackton: be able to draw the plane closer.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: How does he react to pandemonium.
Eric Rosenbaum: being mentioned.
Timothy Sackton: I could be of interest.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if that's quite worth a giant size but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What about that scroll and the information about the location of the rain.
Timothy Sackton: Well, is this actionable information, how did you get it.
Timothy Sackton: Tell me that this ring is buried beneath the tallest.
Mike Sackton: Mountain on that now, now it is.
Mike Sackton: actionable although you might need quite a few of your adventures we we saw it on the finger.
Mike Sackton: Well, I won't say more, but.
Mike Sackton: We saw.
Timothy Sackton: In you seen this item you're saying.
Mike Sackton: Yes, through through clairvoyance and full disclosure not standing in the same room, but as i'm sure you are aware, I spelled like clairvoyance is almost as good standing in the same room.
Timothy Sackton: I would consider.
Timothy Sackton: That on the scroll.
Timothy Sackton: Of the trade.
Timothy Sackton: I would need to examine the scroll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can arrange.
here.
Timothy Sackton: I can take you to my workshop and show you the eye and if everybody is mutually satisfied, we can make a trade.
Mike Sackton: We can return it an hour.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Please do.
Schwartz: So we didn't even go to have to go down the.
Mike Sackton: path of the mirror that we didn't go to the Mayor, but while we're telling them about gratia and we're giving them the scroll of pandemonium yeah.
Mike Sackton: seems like a better trade right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think this is fine well like yeah like the plan of hit ammonium versus like the hobgoblin dude in the mad like the mirror is just like.
Mike Sackton: No i'm happy with this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right here, what if he goes.
Mike Sackton: And starts to war against crush.
Mike Sackton: Great right like.
Schwartz: Oh yeah if he gives the scroll of pandemonium to crush because they're in league that'll be interesting to.
Mike Sackton: Really, if they're secretly in league would he really.
Mike Sackton: agreed to trade there's no reason for him to it feels to me like there's no reason for him to say yes to the deal if he are any of the information.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Regarding you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Getting he's already knew it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a fox.
Mike Sackton: But like even if he's trying to obfuscate or confused or pretend like he doesn't already know it, he just has to say that's not good enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's true yes.
So my inside them together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To my inside them again it was it was he is he genuine on the inside and regarding.
His.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking hell 1513 what things are bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This year it.
Timothy Sackton: seemed genuinely curious.
Schwartz: about the.
scroll.
Timothy Sackton: He suddenly you get the sense, he definitely wants you to come back.
Timothy Sackton: Like with something.
Timothy Sackton: it's hard it's hard to read.
Mike Sackton: All right, it's totally a trap, but let's just do it anyway.
Mike Sackton: I think we probably let's just go through this one more time, but my sense is we're better off trading and going North I am nervous about the deal, where we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are yeah so yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think he has some kind of like I think taking money from him like.
Eric Rosenbaum: This guy's like.
Mike Sackton: Why is he giving out 1000 gold right.
Schwartz: rules like cosmos and team will be back for the term we would get back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, exactly yeah exactly.
Mike Sackton: And just it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's get the Fuck out here.
Mike Sackton: yeah let's go and and I, I really want to go doors that just seems like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: It seems cooler.
Mike Sackton: Right wait.
Timothy Sackton: Wait so.
Timothy Sackton: You you meet up again, so why don't you bring this time just scroll.
scroll.
Timothy Sackton: you're leaving the portable hall in.
Mike Sackton: will leave the portable hold the only other magically would have on us as we should all bring whatever we would need if we got in a.
Mike Sackton: bad situation right like della still has his Armor which isn't chanted right i'll bring my field which is actually my Shell it's not magical right it's just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like I don't like to smiling like this and share what's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is.
Mike Sackton: His workshop there's.
Mike Sackton: something wrong here.
Schwartz: Right when we when we go like when we meet up with this man and all that, like are we being followed up a little paranoid about this whole thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah for it from here on out, we should be, we should assume are being ascribed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we should not mentioned the whole nother because because he responds off like with the fucking hall and lead box like at the bank she's just out so we don't even.
Mike Sackton: Remember, we did we need to get the scroll pandemonium.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Out of the portable oh.
Kate: it's in a nice cry all of you all the time and i'll places now.
Mike Sackton: Probably not.
Mike Sackton: Thanks for being tried would get make a savings there now TIM could have made the savings for us but.
it's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was what is the saving throw.
Mike Sackton: I didn't hear the little dial noise from D amp D beyond.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's what's the saving throw up a shrine.
Mike Sackton: Well, for your scribe gets saved up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Money for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Describing.
Timothy Sackton: What kind of Saturn with.
Mike Sackton: wisdom, I think.
Schwartz: Okay, can any of us does any of us have a way to see invisible objects.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a scroll of seeing visibility, I think.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: yeah the text magic with tell me if magic's nearby.
Timothy Sackton: But it was not going to text crying unless you take off all your magic items.
and
Mike Sackton: crafts.
Mike Sackton: that's Okay, I could do that pretty easily right.
Kate: Can I smell magic.
Mike Sackton: Oh no here here's the plan.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will take all his magic right the portable whole is currently in a red box, so it.
Mike Sackton: will not interfere with my detect.
Mike Sackton: Right, I will Dallas will.
Mike Sackton: bring up his hat the tech magic take all his magic stuff we've it somewhere else right.
Mike Sackton: go into a room.
Mike Sackton: With nobody else within 30 feet, nobody else will then right.
Mike Sackton: yeah and if there's any magic that's a bad sign if there is no magic I will quickly open the thing jumping get the magic thing close it up again jump out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect love it love it.
Schwartz: really going.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK.
Timothy Sackton: there's no magic.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you're not being strike.
Mike Sackton: Not being scribe.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Good.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if there's a fixed level spell that lets you scroll on somebody without detecting it as the tech magic but scribe should detect this the text magic.
Mike Sackton: i'm OK, I will then.
Mike Sackton: put my stuff back on and and put the box back in the box and.
Then yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay so ah.
Timothy Sackton: At this point, resin you've recovered the chalice I would assume.
Timothy Sackton: yep so you are.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you what i'm gonna i'm just going to send you a message.
Kate: My thought was that I would find the dirtiest Durban sector dwarfing dwarves and like start talking to dwarves about.
Kate: You know, heading towards the avanti mountains.
Timothy Sackton: Right hey.
Kate: partying my with my current companions and looking for some new companions for the.
Kate: Road so I don't travel solo.
Timothy Sackton: Just right.
Kate: Nice sturdy tours to go on a little boy to Darren tutor with me.
Kate: And even if they're not all going to come with me i'd like to just sort of be hanging around with you know a few dozen dwarves well everybody else's off at perilous workshop.
Kate: And I have the magic lead box.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So the rest of you go with the squirrel pandemonium your normal equipment and results are coming.
Timothy Sackton: up is when staying to guarding the Web lead box.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you arrive at fast as fast as door.
Timothy Sackton: And he he great see where any any says.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Mike Sackton: you're right I magic going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and I, and I fuckin soul site that should that him and I inside him and i'm rolling natural 20 and fucking sniff out his plan right now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is he up to this 22 TIM tell me tell me his soul.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is easy here to trap us we don't go into we haven't gone inside yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2410.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh that's it he's eager he is happy to see you use thrilled you came back he's not there's no like nefarious.
Mike Sackton: Like maybe there's nothing nefarious here let's just find out.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's just doing business.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: OK OK.
Mike Sackton: OK cool.
Mike Sackton: hair, we will we will go forward with our.
We.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we not do this in his tower.
Schwartz: Where they are now man.
Mike Sackton: is killing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Over well i'm getting ready to go on this i'm ready i'm ready we're gonna Fuck them up it's gonna die.
Timothy Sackton: He.
Timothy Sackton: takes he takes you up the stairs so you go off i'm.
Mike Sackton: Assuming everything the message con.
Timothy Sackton: yeah well, I mean, is it.
Timothy Sackton: Are you wearing your Armor now so like.
magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: whoa hold on hold on i'm actually a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: faster.
yeah yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You plan on completing this deal with us right.
Timothy Sackton: Of course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's online.
Timothy Sackton: I will give you the eyes and you will give me the score after we have examined.
Timothy Sackton: After we have examined them to make sure these are the items we wish to exchange.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This he's he's he's he's good.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean he definitely he definitely wants to get on with this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I mean he's going to honor the agreement it's like he's he's being sincere that he wanted he read it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean insight is not a lie detector test you can't read people's minds.
Timothy Sackton: Right, he is.
Timothy Sackton: He seems he seems.
Timothy Sackton: eager and excited and he's happy you're back and he is like you know.
Timothy Sackton: he's in he's pleased to see you.
Timothy Sackton: Again, all right let's go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go let's go let's go let's step into a trap let's go get trapped and let's roll initiative and let's kill them.
Timothy Sackton: So um you ascend the stairs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because reading an attack.
Timothy Sackton: You you you.
Timothy Sackton: This.
Timothy Sackton: Is what.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can listen cassie enter upstairs in the river in the workshop.
Timothy Sackton: Now i'm.
Timothy Sackton: So the stairs go up for a long time, this is like 140 feet of stairs just going up and up and up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh boy.
Timothy Sackton: And you get like a third of the way up and you.
Schwartz: Just so.
Schwartz: what's that for say pointing at the small shooting stone just push.
Timothy Sackton: Oh wow you would want to be killed by traps, would you.
Schwartz: know.
Timothy Sackton: keeps walking please let's continue, we have business to conduct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fausto.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're just get I just feel like this is getting a little.
Schwartz: Good good good good.
Good.
Timothy Sackton: Fight continues up.
Timothy Sackton: Let me just chuckling i'm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wrong we're Okay, then we're bouncing like get ambushed.
Schwartz: we're good no we're good we're good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're lacking dark majors tower.
Timothy Sackton: You got about two thirds of the way up and you can see now there's two there hasn't been any windows at the bottom he's got a light spell going you got to the top, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: Those now these lakes.
Timothy Sackton: windows slits up towards the top some faint sunlight is.
Timothy Sackton: Is.
Timothy Sackton: shining in he comes to this big old door, the very top.
Timothy Sackton: It swings open and you step into.
Timothy Sackton: What looks like a like a magical study of some kind there's the three giant stained glass windows casting like multicolored light across the room.
Timothy Sackton: There is a.
Timothy Sackton: marble table in the Center of the room that contains on it i'm a large glass jar that looks like it's full of lightning it contains a mace.
Timothy Sackton: And it contains and sitting on the table are the two giant eyes and five stones.
Timothy Sackton: says, this is what you're looking for and yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is.
Timothy Sackton: And may I see where you're offering and trade.
Mike Sackton: zone headed over.
Timothy Sackton: You like touches it carefully and like.
Timothy Sackton: seems to be casting a spell.
Timothy Sackton: takes him a few minutes.
Mike Sackton: I will make sure that the stones have the.
Mike Sackton: Right, whereas I mean i'll look at the stones with my actually.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that's.
Mike Sackton: A sticky you shouldn't look at them with your goggles.
Eric Rosenbaum: he's the goggles.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean, these are crawlers eyes for sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow.
Schwartz: well.
Timothy Sackton: sort of examining the scroll and he's looking he's looking around the room.
Timothy Sackton: And he looks up it up at you all.
Timothy Sackton: And he's he just he kind of looks at the school, this is.
Timothy Sackton: This is quite interesting.
Timothy Sackton: there's a lot, one could do with this, I am.
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: I will, I will accept this deal.
Timothy Sackton: I think this is a.
Timothy Sackton: This is a fair trade.
Schwartz: Is it is it fair to ask you know, in fact, to bring the planet pandemonium to club with this one.
Schwartz: We went to some links to prevent that from happening before.
Timothy Sackton: This is my home, I would not seek to destroy it.
Schwartz: didn't it.
Schwartz: that's a that's a that's a good answer.
Timothy Sackton: wow in that case, my friends.
Timothy Sackton: I must go.
Timothy Sackton: I hope you enjoy the company.
Mike Sackton: It is not asking us to.
Mike Sackton: Tell them about crush.
Timothy Sackton: nope I hope you enjoy the.
Timothy Sackton: The company of my companions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh Fuck.
Timothy Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: It was shouts i'm i'm gonna cast Armor bags of.
Timothy Sackton: Well, everybody can roll initiative.
Mike Sackton: Okay, fine.
course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why why why, why is it that way, like candles like let's let him like because this is like why why we're just like let's just go let's just go let's just go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like like a lot, like my like i'm like dude why we do this deal up in the Tower why can't we do the deal like someplace else like Oh, we press the button like why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like why the Fuck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What the Fuck what you guys listen to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you listening to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: You are so exciting and over and over and.
Schwartz: You were the one who said he was trustworthy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I did not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hate you guys I don't want to venture with you anymore.
But.
Mike Sackton: Are these wind, these are glass windows right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or so.
Mike Sackton: yeah um.
Mike Sackton: Who who are his companions.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, nobody that you can see, so let me get everybody's initiative.
Mike Sackton: And where are the eyes are sitting on the table.
Timothy Sackton: yep.
Timothy Sackton: There next of it and they're big each one probably weighs 40 pounds.
Mike Sackton: Oh that's big.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean they're stone eyes of a storm giant.
Schwartz: Not too big to carry.
Timothy Sackton: What did you.
Mike Sackton: Do today that's a good play giant ape.
Eric Rosenbaum: Remember the novel Congo.
Kate: yeah anyway.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Come on man, are all the fucking.
Mike Sackton: Like what's he expecting to happen next, like.
Timothy Sackton: This.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plucked.
Timothy Sackton: cans out why did you wrong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It doesn't matter.
Schwartz: Maybe just companions or group of wondering troubadours who have regale us with beautiful song.
Mike Sackton: 23 that's good initiative role.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you guys Thank you guys.
Mike Sackton: I was thinking I should cast Armor of IQ tests on the way up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was ready, I am ready to attack I rated and attacked him, you heard me say that.
Timothy Sackton: You can't read the actions out of combat.
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: was like no it's gonna be too obvious.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, OK cancer you so as as he, as he, like.
Timothy Sackton: puts the scroll back into his passion points at the eyes to you um you just get us you get a sense from the.
Timothy Sackton: From your soul sites got like.
Timothy Sackton: he's about to do something, and you leap into action before anybody else can do anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay yeah try to talk them up.
Mike Sackton: huh what do we see.
Timothy Sackton: A.
Mike Sackton: token.
Mike Sackton: meant to represent fastow's.
Timothy Sackton: there's somebody out fast oh yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can't even see him.
Timothy Sackton: Go he's around the corner from you.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah so because of kenzo engages them.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: quarter staff strike.
Mike Sackton: Okay, what are fighting this guy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, this is about the cancer is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also bring in a new.
Mike Sackton: stuff.
Schwartz: But what about like grappling him, instead, what about trying to.
Mike Sackton: Say want to keep them from casting spells close the heads good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah good I gotta gotta gotta fight him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right God i'm so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry, I missed this on the table is that is.
That.
Mike Sackton: Like we're not seriously gonna kill them right, I mean we're not going to succeed at killing him.
Mike Sackton: No God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know we're we're we're totally fucked we're inside the magic Dudes were inside the with like the shit that I just said, like fucking the whole time the whole time I was like.
Mike Sackton: yeah yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it's been like for.
Eric Rosenbaum: Every other time.
Timothy Sackton: Attack make a wisdom saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait I thought I get attacked me.
Timothy Sackton: make a wisdom saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: So, as you start to rush towards him he just makes this this motion with his hands and his eyes kind of go.
Timothy Sackton: bright and.
Timothy Sackton: He twists you feel have reaching into your mind and twisting your attention, and you make your attack against well be, not against him.
Timothy Sackton: Just your first attack you can charge them after that, for the rest of your tax.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So at the top quality.
Timothy Sackton: You have to talk well be.
Timothy Sackton: Were there quarter staff.
Schwartz: that's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of course.
Timothy Sackton: Well, be takes 11 points of budgeting damage just kenzo just wax you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gladly sorry about that.
Schwartz: No we've been here before.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Also, not sorry because you didn't fucking listen to me fucking asshole all right now now another tack, of course, 11 this is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Massive I do I attack them again.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: That messes that one actually catches him but he's got this like shimmering Armor of force around him and it just reflects off the force.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: For so far.
Timothy Sackton: Anything else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything else, I can do.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can spend a key and attack again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or four times.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's your flurry of blows you can spend a key and disengage and run away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No i'll talk i'll talk i'll talk.
Timothy Sackton: Again i'll spend it, you can jump out the window.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There we go I had him again I hit him this time.
Timothy Sackton: that one does that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, see staggers back slightly is that about strike hits him and he he looks like angry that you are able to reach him good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does that vision, so that he can cast a spell.
Timothy Sackton: know he can still cast spells down with your up.
Mike Sackton: So, if he had a spell up that would.
Timothy Sackton: They would require him to yeah right.
Mike Sackton: Okay, what is dealt with going to do.
Mike Sackton: What.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A sandwich bill music.
Timothy Sackton: yeah oh sorry i'm not sharing I have music on but you can't hear it.
Kate: it's the strings.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We could have told by the type of music that TIM is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: planet is going to be trapped by the way.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: And let's see.
Kate: Sorry guys I didn't cast you bless and guidance and everything that TIM and I read on it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was just one is not here.
Timothy Sackton: President no rather not hear.
Schwartz: The most typical.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so I am going to let's see.
Mike Sackton: I think I think sickening radiance is probably a good move.
Mike Sackton: I think i'm just gonna go spells.
Mike Sackton: against him.
Timothy Sackton: For now guys.
Mike Sackton: are or what do we think is Christmas safe is should I just try and banished him.
Eric Rosenbaum: banished him what does that mean.
Mike Sackton: That means sent him to another plate it's a extra dimensional prison it only lasts for a minute, but.
Schwartz: If you have a 60 seconds to get out there.
Eric Rosenbaum: To run away that's good idea that's worthwhile.
Mike Sackton: To save it's useless.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: One seems cares maybe.
Mike Sackton: Wait hold on.
Mike Sackton: You knew what his strongest weakest Stat was what our strongest and we get stats.
and
Timothy Sackton: Intelligence strongest strength request.
Mike Sackton: So do we think is charisma, do you think is better with come.
Mike Sackton: On yeah yeah yeah yeah i'm gonna cast i'm going to cast the second radiance.
again.
Mike Sackton: I will target.
Mike Sackton: As so i'm going to move.
Mike Sackton: That up to here it's it's 20 so i'm going to move in combat range with.
Mike Sackton: Castile first I don't move it's 20 it's 2030 foot.
Mike Sackton: 30 foot radius, but I want to put it so that basically it no keep going I don't want to hit any of us, I can't can I drag that thing.
Mike Sackton: yeah like there's.
Timothy Sackton: Like there yeah.
Mike Sackton: And it spreads around corners I can't see around the corner, but it spreads it does spread around but I don't want to get kids.
Timothy Sackton: it's a 30 foot radius.
Timothy Sackton: 60 feet across.
Mike Sackton: 30 foot sphere.
Eric Rosenbaum: 30 foot diameter.
Mike Sackton: 30 foot radius sphere.
Timothy Sackton: Oh so it's.
Mike Sackton: it's apparently huge.
Timothy Sackton: Can you actually target spouse that are.
Mike Sackton: 120 foot.
Mike Sackton: Right you can't is there anywhere in the Tower that's 120 I mean maybe I can't cast it because there's no way but.
Schwartz: It doesn't need to be in the tour if you can see out the window.
Schwartz: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: We can see out the window.
Timothy Sackton: yeah appear in the sky tower.
Mike Sackton: So what if somebody comes to save us all the better.
Mike Sackton: yeah charity and police break in.
Schwartz: it's going to be exactly the opposite of that.
Schwartz: If the turtle and police come they're not coming for him.
Mike Sackton: He started it.
Mike Sackton: um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I want to be in the forest next time I don't want to be in a fucking Chardonnay in prison or some shit.
Mike Sackton: I mean I don't know, maybe I should cast it.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think I mean this is.
Timothy Sackton: I think you're in spite of the space, the Catholic because you can sit outside.
Schwartz: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: You can target it outside the window unless you break the window first.
Mike Sackton: Well, can I see through the window.
Timothy Sackton: You can see through the window.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And maybe try to break the window.
Mike Sackton: it's range.
Timothy Sackton: But you cast spells if you don't already.
Timothy Sackton: Have.
Mike Sackton: I won't I won't cast it then.
Mike Sackton: Maybe I should just attack to start.
Eric Rosenbaum: New the banish thing.
Mike Sackton: Fine i'll cast banish.
Timothy Sackton: yeah our guy.
Schwartz: And then we just get the hell out of there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, who knows who his buddies are they haven't shown up yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We jumped out the window jumped out the window make ourselves fly.
Timothy Sackton: era of unnatural 19.
Mike Sackton: The I knew this was gonna be useless.
Mike Sackton: They knew it.
Mike Sackton: Why didn't I will talk you into it, I will also.
cursor.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: With my ex players.
He.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: um he.
Timothy Sackton: He kind of looks at you, and you know.
Timothy Sackton: Where do you think what do you think you are doing falls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that also talking to her.
Timothy Sackton: that's faster he's like.
Timothy Sackton: All of you are.
Timothy Sackton: You came here.
Timothy Sackton: You knew.
Timothy Sackton: I I paid for cognos cassie and.
Timothy Sackton: You thought you could take the cleanse by surprise.
Schwartz: People will.
Timothy Sackton: know how.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to cleanse.
Timothy Sackton: cleanse is what he said and none of you are even.
Timothy Sackton: Sure enough.
Timothy Sackton: To be worth the effort of saving so.
Timothy Sackton: yells a command word and vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I hate you guys.
Mike Sackton: I mean, this is why I really wanted to cast sickening radius.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Because it's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: visibility to so.
Timothy Sackton: This is so productive meeting bench teleport.
Mike Sackton: Now.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's not invisible he teleported.
So.
Timothy Sackton: The window.
Timothy Sackton: Steps out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Of the window itself the stained glass animates that's cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Those are large.
Timothy Sackton: They are large creatures.
Timothy Sackton: Let me add them to the initiative order.
Mike Sackton: So I really, really this combat went very badly in terms of a dealt with doing useful things.
Eric Rosenbaum: I used to have something called shattered anymore, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that is.
Timothy Sackton: After Darwin what is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It so now is there, just like a like the windows stepped out so is there no window like Can we just jumped out.
Timothy Sackton: Ah it's an empty frame.
Timothy Sackton: yeah jump out you'd fall 200 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh no, but I can fall kenza can call it.
Mike Sackton: guys don't we want the giant size on.
Schwartz: The way.
Mike Sackton: we've really been a very.
80 pounds of stuff.
Mike Sackton: So Okay, so you can.
Mike Sackton: wrap the giant eyes, I will cast fly will get out of here.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, the this this one, they actually get their attack now.
Timothy Sackton: is going to swing at kenzo with a glass sword.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to be a nine your dog died of the way the first one.
Timothy Sackton: And a 12 dogs out of the way of the second one, and then as it's the light shining from the behind that shines through its body in this burst of light shoots out in a 15 foot Cone.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to put it.
Timothy Sackton: To here so.
Timothy Sackton: Gal with and and kenzie with us make Constitution saving throws.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo you are blinded dazzling light the second one is not going to talk it's gonna swing it sort of this vial of lightning.
Timothy Sackton: Which is going to crack open.
With.
Mike Sackton: on the table, there was a vial of lightning.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah but we don't even know what that is.
Timothy Sackton: And a creature emerges.
Timothy Sackton: And let me roll initiative for it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Turn I feel like we're in trouble.
Timothy Sackton: hey there's open windows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh we're jumping out where we're getting out here.
Mike Sackton: Ah hurry, leaving behind the giant size, really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know we're taking them with us.
Mike Sackton: How do we take them with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: And cannot tell me about this table TIM.
Timothy Sackton: it's about four.
Mike Sackton: out, can you add.
Timothy Sackton: Five feet high.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'm can how big a thing can you animate.
Eric Rosenbaum: just looking that up.
Timothy Sackton: it's about 15 feet by.
Timothy Sackton: By eight feet or so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Large or smaller, which would be.
Timothy Sackton: So it's bigger than large larger is.
Timothy Sackton: Maximum 10 foot the damage dimensions.
Kate: And the handy cabinets baskets.
Timothy Sackton: mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean you've got i've got the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: on digital.
Timothy Sackton: giants eyes are.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, not bigger than large.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I could animate one of them.
Timothy Sackton: does that say non magical I probably says non magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: Item Oh, that would be hilarious to write it um it does a non magical item.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you cannot enable the giant size.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then on the table there's another object which is amazing some.
Timothy Sackton: amazing it's amazing.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it's probably magical i'm wearing goggles already.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, it's magical.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm pretty far away from all those things my back is to the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: On their secret you got a message from from Brisbane from sending how's it going.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just replied saying help.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think it's time to sleep yet well.
Eric Rosenbaum: First of all, i'm going to i'm going to give kenzo inspiration because he's swinging and missing a lot and also is currently blind I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: inspirational help him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can jump out of lightness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: So let me take off one of those.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: What can I even cast on these things.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll try the will be as a giant ape trick.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because I feel like.
Eric Rosenbaum: They.
Mike Sackton: want to be a giant paper do.
Mike Sackton: You want to be a giant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh right because the whole concentration thing, maybe it's less of an issue when we're both right in the fray.
Mike Sackton: I mean it could still be an issue but.
Schwartz: Are there other things that you want to do that, you need to not be a giant before.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Big glass guys don't have a ton of ways to destroy them, is there any metal component on the glass guys.
Timothy Sackton: Know they're just they're stained glass I guess.
Eric Rosenbaum: Normally held together with.
Timothy Sackton: stained glass probably have some yeah it probably has led in metal in it, because it would hold the frame together yeah there's metal in them.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right, i'll cast heat middle and the one next to me.
Eric Rosenbaum: At fourth level does that make sense, no that third level.
Eric Rosenbaum: guys.
Mike Sackton: what's what's this thing is it a whitening elemental of some kind.
Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: That may be the much larger threat but i'm casting.
Eric Rosenbaum: The Middle.
Eric Rosenbaum: On the last guy to my left.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and i'm going to like just Oh, can I run away or Does that mean not allowed to do that because it's so close to me.
Mike Sackton: don't get it go get it.
Eric Rosenbaum: To attack you.
Timothy Sackton: Right certainly run away, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: Better to stay right.
Schwartz: In the lightning elemental and it's turn.
Timothy Sackton: right there it didn't it didn't get a turn it's not hasn't come up in the initiative order yet.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then the glass guy gets to save.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'm i'm don't know what happened to my.
Timothy Sackton: role 20 window here.
Timothy Sackton: something's not working.
Timothy Sackton: hold on a SEC I can't see any of the dice rolls it just kind of initially.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So this is so cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So i'll start working with rush.
Mike Sackton: Clearly, I mean Obviously he knew I mean I.
Mike Sackton: gotta clear eight.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate: Now you guys know that our enemy calls himself the cleanse.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah that's what what does that refer to exactly.
Timothy Sackton: The cleanse de as in.
Timothy Sackton: has been cleaned.
Mike Sackton: Now it's probably not good, we gave them a scroll dependability as an aside.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well that's water under the bridge.
Mike Sackton: He took it with them right.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, so, is it better that we gave him this role the pandemonium or the hobgoblin you know what I mean it's like one of the two, we want to give him, one of the other ones so.
Schwartz: That all around.
yep.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so um yes, the.
Timothy Sackton: glass creature here sorry which one, are you targeting the one next to you yeah.
Timothy Sackton: takes nine points of damage as it begins to heat up.
Timothy Sackton: I mean there's nothing that can draw so there's no.
Timothy Sackton: Real safe.
Timothy Sackton: I mean it's just gonna have disadvantage on this attacks.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so are you doing anything else.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just gave up his own inspiration that's it.
Timothy Sackton: While you're on the.
Schwartz: Right, how far down the stairs was the second button.
Timothy Sackton: Like.
Timothy Sackton: 80 feet.
Schwartz: awesome but can I can I make the case that I should have been able to use my reaction to move away from that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay yeah.
Schwartz: So i'm going to use loops where are the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: back here, you can see that back here.
Schwartz: Oh good good alright so.
Schwartz: i'll use my real name to started down the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Schwartz: So that's 20.
Schwartz: minutes and then i'll use.
Schwartz: A move and cutting action to get back and press the button there's a.
Schwartz: there's a lot of assumption that this button is going to do something relevance, but we'll see.
Mike Sackton: What do we help them the buttons gonna do.
Schwartz: Like shut down the security system is.
Mike Sackton: going to.
Mike Sackton: enable his traps.
Schwartz: I don't believe him anymore, and this was number two I asked him about button number one.
Timothy Sackton: So Okay, so you say you run down the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: And you press the button that I think that's your turn.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Schwartz: yeah I have enough moved to get a little ways, but not all the way back up again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Ah kenzo is up, you are blind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cleansing catch myself in and blend myself.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think that can heal.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you are blind because you are physically blinded by shining light I don't think you can cure, you can only cure spell.
Mike Sackton: I can't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's the result of a magical effect.
Timothy Sackton: Oh.
Mike Sackton: You have to say.
Mike Sackton: You should be able to call it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright cool, so I do that.
Timothy Sackton: supposed to be like removing like stuff from your soul, but i'll give it to you what.
Mike Sackton: he's making his eyes super cool right.
Timothy Sackton: yeah i'll give it to you so that's your action.
Timothy Sackton: Two key points.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then, can I do a secondary attack now or a bonus action attack.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you can make so you have key field attack, so you can, if you spend one or more key points as part of your action you can make one.
Timothy Sackton: On arm strike or quarter staff attack as a bonus action, but you can't do flurry blows.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, amen i'm running at a key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Key you.
Timothy Sackton: know you don't need to spend key to do it right spent key to because you spent key to heal yourself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Ah alright good then i'll just i'll do a quarter SAP attack.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We do not jump out the window every and try to find some jack's gonna try to kill these guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess we'll see our.
Timothy Sackton: Side soon.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's what I was thinking.
Kate: I mean this.
Kate: hey we're gonna get a way to.
Go.
Mike Sackton: If we can successfully jump for giving up on the giant size forever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're 40 pounds fucking pick it up and running, like kenzo kenzo.
Mike Sackton: Yes, we can lift 40 pounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 40 pounds of fucking wait at the gym dude I live.
So.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's let's This is like this is like me i'm a fucking normal dude i'm not an adventure.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you are stronger than ken's like David Kong is stronger than.
Mike Sackton: case where.
Mike Sackton: You have yeah you have characters are all super weak, we have but yes, you could carry 40 pounds.
Ah.
Timothy Sackton: kenzo could just barely carry 40 pounds and still be able to move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah but kenzo can also fall from fucking any distance and take 40 image like I can fall out of his window and not done.
Timothy Sackton: Correct.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With the giant with a with one of the giant.
Timothy Sackton: sneaker.
Timothy Sackton: sneaker cannot carry anything.
Timothy Sackton: y'all with could also carry one you you don't really care too much.
Timothy Sackton: Data within kenzo could carry one.
Timothy Sackton: Each.
Timothy Sackton: Everybody else's to encumbered to lift one and still be able to move.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So are we doing it.
Mike Sackton: I said we know.
Mike Sackton: That would mean on delis turn I cast fly I would have to run away from these guys, so I get I get an attack of opportunity, but I assume I could survive that pick up the thing jump out the window yeah.
Mike Sackton: And secret we have fly as well, so secret have to find his turn.
Mike Sackton: fly and get out the window, I could not give.
Mike Sackton: fly to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: house, while we can escape.
Mike Sackton: welby he'd have to just run down the stairs like this.
Kate: ravens wisdom.
Mike Sackton: or ravens whistle and cats are just jump.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yet TIM I don't attack i've run.
Mike Sackton: You guys share this one, what do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You want to stay here and like I guess.
Mike Sackton: I guess it's a better plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: If we can take the eyes and run with it as well.
Schwartz: yeah like good go down the scenario that we defeat all of these creatures, which are things on my thing, even if we do isn't The next step, take the giant size to play out the window anyways.
Mike Sackton: yeah wow it could be taken.
Mike Sackton: But what else is on the table.
Eric Rosenbaum: And the sector.
Timothy Sackton: That was amazing.
Timothy Sackton: me finding there's the five jams.
Mike Sackton: I mean, do we just stick to the terms of the deal, I guess, but yeah whatever you know it's kevin's turn if.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You go out the window Kansas Kansas Kansas gonna disengage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: grab.
Timothy Sackton: grab so that's gonna cost you your key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another key to disengage that's fine.
Mike Sackton: um well I just use your action you don't need you.
Timothy Sackton: should use this action to unblinded himself yeah yes, the bonus action disengage, which is the key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Day bonus action disengage and then, can I can I grab the grab the stone and and job Linda.
Timothy Sackton: Ah sure.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah okay kenzo goes grabs so.
Timothy Sackton: step of the wind, I believe, also lets you dash right.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So jack this is fucking great.
So.
Eric Rosenbaum: we're totally going to win this fight that we also lost.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, it doesn't let you let you disengage or dash so you're going to disengage so you got 45 feet of movement so cans out grabs the stone and you're like it's pretty heavy it's both hands like you put your sling your staff grab the thing begin to run for the window.
Timothy Sackton: You jump out and you begin running and your feet somehow have traction on the wall of the tower and you start just running down the wall of the Tower.
Mike Sackton: Nice how high up is this room, by the way.
Timothy Sackton: 200 feet.
Mike Sackton: I mean know how high up is the sorry in the physical space we're in how high up is the feeling.
Timothy Sackton: About 1520 feet.
Timothy Sackton: 15 feet i'll say.
Timothy Sackton: You can do continuous running down, though, though, the wall for about 4040 ish feet.
Timothy Sackton: And then you begin to slip and you begin to fall just kind of bracing yourself.
Timothy Sackton: As you begin to tumble towards the ground falling now 160 feet.
Timothy Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Definitely a survive this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's allowed.
Timothy Sackton: 44 points of spots.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But i've still fall and that prevents 40 points of damage I don't think for him points for damage.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that is correct call has like pretty Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But you said you literally see like okay well I gotta draw this one for.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hunting running on the fucking side of the building and then suddenly starts falling, but like gracefully as Fuck and then like you know ends up.
Timothy Sackton: At the ground actually ah, because i'm giving you your level nine bonuses for writing on the it also presented prevents all the damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I can run because in level nine it's not some magic thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: know you run down the wall.
Timothy Sackton: You get down about 40 feet and you just kind of glide glide down landing on your feet with this like giant I that's like.
Timothy Sackton: About as big as you are probably actually wins a lot more than 40 pounds, to be honest.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's Another scenario where we drop in chatter than by accident so don't do that.
Timothy Sackton: And ah, and just like gradually, just like you don't even you don't even land on your back you land standing upright just like coasting down to the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking awesome my.
Mike Sackton: Only fear here is that secrets gonna die before his turn comes up.
Eric Rosenbaum: That could definitely happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: Especially with all the other targets jumping into the ruins.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so Kansas gone one of the eyes is gone.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: Okay fastow.
Timothy Sackton: What random so now he's not back, yet you still got one more round okay down with your up.
Mike Sackton: i'm not sure the best option here if I if I leave.
Mike Sackton: before your are you gonna survive do you have any way of how much damage can you suck.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a lot of hit points I 69.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm trying to haven't seen the results of any attacks from these guys though so.
Mike Sackton: I think of what else I can do I, the problem is my cast fly really can't do anything else I don't have any good bonus actions.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could you could cast fly, and both of us stay in the room, but as in some defensible position so that I can leave before he's.
Schwartz: Well yeah well, you lose fly if you lose concentration.
Mike Sackton: yeah I don't want to take a ton of damage, because then fly will go.
Schwartz: I think cast cast flying you both and.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
You cannot.
Eric Rosenbaum: be able to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Remember me.
Mike Sackton: That fine that's the plan I won't pick up.
Mike Sackton: The stone Well, first of all i'm going to take an attack of opportunity, as I go away.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So that is going to be a 17 to hit.
Mike Sackton: Miss this.
Timothy Sackton: Guy glances off your Armor.
Mike Sackton: I will bend while so i'm stepping like bear right, I will then cast fly on me and seeker.
Mike Sackton: And then I will pick this stuff up and jump out the window.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is gonna have to rescue me really good.
Mike Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: Did you take the missile so.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to take get Can I take everything.
Timothy Sackton: You can take the mace the five stones and the I.
Mike Sackton: guess that's what i'm taking jumping out the window.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is this work.
Timothy Sackton: you're flying now.
Timothy Sackton: lightning goblin is going to look around.
Timothy Sackton: seekers, the only one in the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could probably do a single attack that next year.
Timothy Sackton: is going to step up to you it's just gonna slam.
Timothy Sackton: that's gonna be a.
Timothy Sackton: Man he's running terribly a nine to hit it just second slam attack is going to be a 12 to.
Eric Rosenbaum: The AC is 13 so.
Timothy Sackton: wow what's your see.
13.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Now the glass columns that are going to come down with their this one is going to move one two.
Mike Sackton: can't even get in.
Timothy Sackton: For it all squeeze so five secs but they've got 40 feet of movement so.
Timothy Sackton: seven.
Eric Rosenbaum: Remember the other ones got disadvantage due to heat middle.
A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Public.
Timothy Sackton: Ah right, so the first one, will make to glass door to tax with disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that is.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: At 12 again disadvantage.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: 50.
Mike Sackton: Ah, can you could you could suck some damage right like.
Timothy Sackton: That does five points of.
Timothy Sackton: Damage can then.
Timothy Sackton: it's going to turn and.
Timothy Sackton: This one hasn't used a light so it's gonna let out of last of light that's going to hit well be and.
Mike Sackton: I hope it's not actually.
Timothy Sackton: Not up yet well I.
Timothy Sackton: just want to make a constitution saving throw.
Mike Sackton: You know where the window is so even if you're blind did you.
Mike Sackton: Get that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could fly out of it.
Timothy Sackton: Oh God, you are blinds.
Timothy Sackton: dazzled by.
Mike Sackton: Two things.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was wearing the goggles.
Eric Rosenbaum: goggles they do nothing.
Timothy Sackton: They don't help you with blinding light.
Mike Sackton: And then over.
facts.
Timothy Sackton: which does not have this.
Timothy Sackton: So that's going to be.
Timothy Sackton: oops That was a disadvantage as.
Timothy Sackton: Well, that one still gonna mess.
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: That one hits with 21 can say now you take.
Timothy Sackton: Another five points watch.
Timothy Sackton: And they wrote really badly you're in luck seeker Europe.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's just a scratch i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: OK so both eyes have been taken.
Mike Sackton: yeah there's nothing left for you to take just run.
Eric Rosenbaum: My only job is to fly out the window.
Eric Rosenbaum: Although I cannot see.
Kate: Both eyes have been taken, I thought you meant.
Kate: I can't see.
Eric Rosenbaum: nope um.
Eric Rosenbaum: But both things are true right, so I am can I give myself inspiration before attempting this.
Eric Rosenbaum: In case and.
Timothy Sackton: Give yourself inspiration only your allies.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well um it's really important that I safely fly out the window.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Mike Sackton: go up and then over.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep yep I will i'm.
Mike Sackton: Once you're out the window, you can and you often enough fire 60 foot move which means you have 120 Oh, you should take disengages your action.
Mike Sackton: window of opportunity.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't realize that, thank you, yes I disengage.
Mike Sackton: And then you have 60 foot move, so you can you can blunder a fair bit and still get out the window yeah like 15 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay that's what i'm doing, thank you.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the window is.
Timothy Sackton: The open gap here is pretty big like it's it's.
Eric Rosenbaum: When.
Timothy Sackton: rushing through it almost 10 feet it's a big circular like 10 foot by 10 foot circular window so it's not that.
Timothy Sackton: it's not particularly difficult for you to get out the window ah getting to the ground might be much.
Mike Sackton: i'll help them.
Mike Sackton: it's fine that was a guide him to the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll i'll go back my way i'll go down a few feet back my way to the wall put a finger on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: And downward.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I mean and if I see he's working like last I will fly over and we'd.
Timothy Sackton: leave him down that Kansas on the ground, while the Europe you two are both like in the air, like some distance away.
Mike Sackton: I mean well i'll circle back to where.
Mike Sackton: kenzo is.
Mike Sackton: Okay um.
Mike Sackton: Is it like how unusual as it's the somebody flying to charter like have we seen anybody fly while we're here.
Timothy Sackton: It would be pretty unusual right not unprecedented you've probably seen like one person flying while you're there.
Mike Sackton: And, whereas Rizwan exactly.
Timothy Sackton: This one is like across town.
Mike Sackton: Did you when did you said hello to her, she coming towards us.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Kate: Good say hello, but I am far away.
Timothy Sackton: And yes, it's gonna take.
Mike Sackton: My new plane is scared of charting in the next half hour.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh yeah we're getting the Fuck out of.
Mike Sackton: bed to chip we're done.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, well we've done what we've accomplished, we came here for you.
Schwartz: We did we sequence that.
Timothy Sackton: By while the hair up.
Schwartz: All right, i'm gonna blow the ravens whistling five very, very fast hopefully.
Schwartz: I can I get over the.
Schwartz: monsters in the room.
Schwartz: is like don't.
Timothy Sackton: get around them to go out the other window.
Timothy Sackton: there's a window there and a window here.
Schwartz: yeah I got the same I think others window right there.
Timothy Sackton: i'll just go yeah that's our secret run out.
Timothy Sackton: Right.
Timothy Sackton: Those are I mean this one, this one here is a window to, but this is still glass.
Timothy Sackton: The ones that were the goal is just stepped out of the wall to attack them.
Mike Sackton: You can break his window.
Schwartz: Like i'm going to go out the open window.
Eric Rosenbaum: This.
Schwartz: Okay, and I think with the ash and cutting action and twist my movement.
Schwartz: I think actually get all the way to the ground in this term.
Timothy Sackton: But if you're going to dash then you're going to take opportunity tax.
Schwartz: Oh they'll take this engage them and just.
Timothy Sackton: Say okay um.
Timothy Sackton: So let's see.
Timothy Sackton: Just for where you all are position so Ken says on the ground now.
Timothy Sackton: You are coming back to guide seeker down to the ground.
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, as YouTube and well be is probably somewhat below you both now.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean what it's 200 feet up.
Mike Sackton: yeah and so let's say seekers probably 30 feet down or 40 feet down.
Mike Sackton: Given or no, you just engage so you're probably only like yeah like 20 maybe.
Timothy Sackton: 20 to 30 acres like 20 feet down well the is how far can you.
Schwartz: Go.
Schwartz: When you disengage 160 with the ravens whistles so.
Schwartz: Probably both hands and feet to.
Timothy Sackton: get up the stairs to so you're probably like 100 feet down.
Schwartz: It makes sense to me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like wow these questions, some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other various locations matter.
Timothy Sackton: So sticks his head out the window.
Timothy Sackton: Here, this like it's not even you don't even it's not even something you hear it's this.
Timothy Sackton: Like echoing sort of twisting i'm psychic resonance that.
Timothy Sackton: Oh it's only gonna get dealt with and seeker.
Mike Sackton: Because what's the range.
Timothy Sackton: it's a 20 foot by.
Mike Sackton: 20 foot radius Probably not.
Mike Sackton: Nearly close to 20 foot radius.
Timothy Sackton: No, no you're within 20 feet of secret though it's 120 foot range spouse just.
Eric Rosenbaum: A targeted news.
Mike Sackton: i'm.
Timothy Sackton: can't get all three of you.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I would have gone all the way my phone move to start.
Timothy Sackton: Right that's why I was asking if you came back on your turn to help seeker.
Mike Sackton: out as my turn already happened before festus.
Timothy Sackton: Your turn happens before.
Mike Sackton: Fast yes, I would have come back down.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, so both of you need to make intelligent saving us.
Timothy Sackton: i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: nailed it for once.
Mike Sackton: Oh yeah good job we could still die, that was the flight didn't.
Timothy Sackton: gel with you take.
Timothy Sackton: 30 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: Feed never you're gonna die and lose the child I.
Timothy Sackton: mean points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: When I is really good when I is way better than the lines Center.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: User magic fucking giant eyes they're not gonna they're not gonna.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they're not gonna matter falling around.
Timothy Sackton: your thoughts are muddled.
Mike Sackton: And a fly in.
sex.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, it doesn't matter you both fall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so far.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's only 180 feet oh my God, I could this could kill me a little bit, so I couldn't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh OK OK OK OK, what just kind of do what is going to do what just kind of do what magic items, do you have.
Eric Rosenbaum: You have like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Catch fallen person.
Kate: been cradle in your arms falling.
Timothy Sackton: You both take 59 points of damage.
Mike Sackton: dealt with will be rolling into character if you take 50 times.
Timothy Sackton: more than twice your head points.
Mike Sackton: Oh no not quite not quite.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is, I met well yeah i'm well below zero.
Mike Sackton: I would be way well below.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 00 because I was on the ground right, so I can still like run up the wall and like you know do some like like can I run up the wall.
Schwartz: No, no siblings.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you can run up the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The can I like like do some crazy shit i've got a ring of jumping like can I like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: run up the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: just pause for a second I think you're assuming that we're still falling Is that true.
Mike Sackton: I mean it takes time to fall, we don't fall instantly.
Timothy Sackton: It does take time to fall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: The monsters can fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: verifying that.
Timothy Sackton: they're not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Saying yeah so can kenzo run up the wall jump because I can run up the wall or 40 feet.
Timothy Sackton: 45 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: run up the wall 45 feet usually bring up jumping and then jump and then catch one of them speaker.
Timothy Sackton: Ah, you can try it's going to be very difficult.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But this is fucking dungeons and dragons and i've got i'm a fucking ninth level mark so.
Timothy Sackton: jack.
Eric Rosenbaum: You still probably have inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, and I do have inspiration make an acrobatics check.
yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then you cannot hear you bill to add.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: motherfucker.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So you can add that with advantage right.
Timothy Sackton: Now, with advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can add the one day right.
Timothy Sackton: You can add the one day, but the DC is 25 cents not going to help.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you run up you see them falling you run up and you, you leap.
Timothy Sackton: But you miss them in the air and you land next to them as you hear the second and crunch, as both dealt with and.
Timothy Sackton: seeker fall unconscious on the ground.
split.
Timothy Sackton: The giant I begins rolling away, you must have dropped your giant if you're doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Something on the ground, I just left it on.
Timothy Sackton: The two giant eyes are now beginning to roll.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, I go and get them I go get them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay yeah ah da with and seeker both make death saving throws.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I do that.
Timothy Sackton: Just roll with the 20 ah well be, what are you doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why is there no music right now.
Kate: there's never been any music he just can't do it right now.
Mike Sackton: There was music and I went Oh, I wrote, one of my depth saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: that's two failures that with might be.
Timothy Sackton: well.
Timothy Sackton: Raised dad.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled a seven is that good good.
Mike Sackton: Good somebody like nope.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I don't.
Schwartz: I don't think any.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: artist, I can.
Schwartz: I can at least stabilize you.
Timothy Sackton: Can you guys yep can you hear me is like now.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah that works.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Although this is awful selfless celebratory oh yeah.
Timothy Sackton: let's let's change that.
Schwartz: So.
Mike Sackton: I have like three potions appealing I have like five healing magic on the.
Schwartz: Book do you have it on you.
Schwartz: Oh yes, literally grab it and put it in your mouth.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, I also have.
Mike Sackton: I have.
Mike Sackton: To read healing buds opposed to feeling and a greater.
Schwartz: The greater pushing again.
Mike Sackton: Now, no, no that's useless.
Timothy Sackton: loudly yourself.
You know.
Schwartz: You only.
Timothy Sackton: start with your action.
Schwartz: hundred and 60 feet.
Timothy Sackton: How fast is the ravens.
Schwartz: twice.
Schwartz: Sorry, no, no, no.
Schwartz: it's level it's a slightly less than 120 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well you're 100 feet from the ground so you can land and you can get.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: Use your action to feed down with a post.
Timothy Sackton: That is wallabies turn kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah I showed them okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay well.
Timothy Sackton: you either have to hold on to the guys are run after.
Mike Sackton: Well, hold on hold on I can now take an action.
Timothy Sackton: Kansas before you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: grab the eyes so.
Mike Sackton: Can grab the eyes Dallas is feeling much better now than ever be a healing.
Mike Sackton: color is like I can.
Timothy Sackton: gather there's like people.
Timothy Sackton: Looking at you.
Mike Sackton: yeah we.
Timothy Sackton: Fausto now sticks his head out the window and yells in our clearly magically enhance boys stop those steeds.
Mike Sackton: Did he just said he just yell stop thief.
Timothy Sackton: yeah up those the.
Mike Sackton: I can't you're breaking up I.
Mike Sackton: don't have any spells laughter can't cast visibility kenzo get out of here with the ice.
Schwartz: can then have him carry both eyes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have to not die that's more important than the.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody.
Mike Sackton: i'm going to heal you.
Schwartz: can take one i'm just go.
Mike Sackton: Yes, taken, I think the other if Dr Neil speaker.
i'm gonna have to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm thinking when i'm writing the case.
Timothy Sackton: That runs.
Timothy Sackton: Now, with your up.
Mike Sackton: I will give.
Mike Sackton: seeker a healer well I I finally used up the REG healing that we got to the beginning of the game.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do I do on my character sheet or doesn't matter.
Mike Sackton: Just if you if you just put me.
Mike Sackton: If you just put.
Mike Sackton: If you just put healing one right.
Eric Rosenbaum: And, but that part has been replaced by the.
Mike Sackton: If you click on your character sheet.
Mike Sackton: If you just click on the death saves.
Eric Rosenbaum: A.
Mike Sackton: Wake wake see how there's still healing if you click on the.
Mike Sackton: box.
Mike Sackton: right because I should go.
Eric Rosenbaum: And our how much yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: I get.
Mike Sackton: So I get it back and you roll today, plus two, and you get that amount.
Eric Rosenbaum: plus two.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great.
Timothy Sackton: And that is your turn.
Timothy Sackton: Fast Well, I can.
Mike Sackton: I can still move yep.
Mike Sackton: I just the question is, do I run and pick up the other I.
Yes.
Mike Sackton: Or do we try that convince people were not things like running and picking up the I it's obvious for themes right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Except we just bought those.
Mike Sackton: We did just buy them, but I could I don't know that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't get a receipt.
Mike Sackton: hey we didn't get a receipt and be.
Mike Sackton: Just not like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you're skipping charting we're getting the Fuck out of charting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just run with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we say and go for like jurisprudence like say for like cardone and like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like you know.
Mike Sackton: i'm not.
Mike Sackton: really worried about that bye bye many people are standing around.
Timothy Sackton: there's probably like.
Timothy Sackton: Less than half a dozen at this point, although, like it's a relatively busy streets and the crowd is growing quite quickly, but this whole thing is only now taken about like less than 30 seconds.
Mike Sackton: um.
Mike Sackton: yeah i'm just gonna grab the other is and.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you running following kenzo.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean i'm not gonna try i'm gonna guess I don't know charted well so yeah sure.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: My still blind.
Timothy Sackton: Ah.
Timothy Sackton: make a constitution saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: No man.
Timothy Sackton: No, you are not find.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guys, are we not glad that we did not bring the fucking sector than all of our ship with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So.
Schwartz: we're glad we're glad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah Thank you relax.
Schwartz: Right i'll.
Schwartz: i'll leave up as a secret follow me and book off.
Schwartz: The had different direction but.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're.
Eric Rosenbaum: you're still flying.
Schwartz: know.
Timothy Sackton: you're on the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're just on foot.
Timothy Sackton: seekers like like the red healing models like closing.
Timothy Sackton: The ruins that had knocked unconscious but you know you're shaking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I just film was 200 feet yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah um.
Timothy Sackton: Where are you Where are you running.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stones messenger stones messenger stones I tell my I tell them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well i'll be like where we're going.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just press some share location.
yeah.
Schwartz: Yes, we will do that.
Schwartz: We put the stones in the hole and get back.
Mike Sackton: yeah absolutely We just need to hook up with rhythm you don't even need to get to watch TV his house.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because she's got everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right is that true.
Timothy Sackton: she's got the board of a whole the chalice.
Timothy Sackton: Everything else.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the child sisters yeah you seem to get the whole.
Eric Rosenbaum: I love how we very casually we sort of turned our quest into a fairly successful disaster, while she just casually sort of rescued the legacy of her race, like the problem.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like going to the bank.
Eric Rosenbaum: solve the problem well we're like.
Timothy Sackton: Without so just for.
Timothy Sackton: Simplicity sake, because it is a realize that you all you you sort of managed to run into each other sort of towards that i'll throw us back on.
Timothy Sackton: And I mean there's like like clearly there's a crab there's like people noticing this like a you know, a couple of the of the major guard now have sort of.
Timothy Sackton: seen the magic and our if not like not like immediately trying to hunt you down, but like there's people on your tail right you're you're not wandering through the city you're running like dodging you know, trying to.
Timothy Sackton: Heading heading towards the direction of cases as and where resin would be coming from sort of to the south right so.
Are we all together.
Timothy Sackton: So that's why i'm saying for simplicity i'ma say y'all need off like right about here.
Mike Sackton: This may literally we go in a back alley.
Mike Sackton: The four of us jump in the DEMO.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ice Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a.
Mike Sackton: fucking great quiet alley for.
Mike Sackton: 30 seconds, yet, but the whole down we jump at it puts it back in our headline box nothing happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm much happier, not to be running anyway.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate: right if that's what you want to do when you get to me go ahead and shout it out i'm also feeling like I might be able to take us away from here.
Schwartz: we're gonna get us out of here.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: yeah absolutely you can.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: Presumably, you get teleport five people 100 miles.
Kate: Well i'm feeling this very strong planar connection and I don't really know.
Kate: If we also can do anything.
Kate: and put it transport five people.
Eric Rosenbaum: give it a try.
Timothy Sackton: You know I mean it's clearly coming from the House.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh shit.
Schwartz: This is the time let's find out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you, long term.
plan.
Kate: Like the whole thing.
Kate: But I was ready to trusted warden god's.
Schwartz: i'm ready to trust the government I don't I don't know that we can get out of.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Prison can sneak us out.
Mike Sackton: And nobody.
Schwartz: In the mere.
Mike Sackton: suspicion is I mean our hope here is that nobody has really connected, and I mean we ran out of there very quickly right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hopefully, but Fausto.
Mike Sackton: I mean faster we'll probably start spreading tales but.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, he.
Schwartz: will go directly to the major garden say hunt them down here's the.
Schwartz: Third location.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah we have no time.
Timothy Sackton: So I might do.
Mike Sackton: house doesn't necessarily know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there's been supporting us right with Charles.
Schwartz: Li.
Schwartz: We put the stone, we put everything in the whole close it back up again.
Schwartz: When.
Kate: They hold hands and respond starts praying to her chalice.
Timothy Sackton: That the chalice as you grab it you're awful thing it wider begins.
Timothy Sackton: pouring out of that.
Schwartz: is supposed to happen.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: It is when you hear nobody nobody else hears anything but you hear the sound of hammers and the rest of you look around as raise when in the chalice vanish.
No.
Kate: Wait.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why are we are we not in the portable no.
Eric Rosenbaum: We didn't we.
Schwartz: didn't respond in the cellist finish.
Schwartz: leaving us behind.
Timothy Sackton: Leaving you behind.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let me get on the whole, what the Fuck.
Eric Rosenbaum: which she.
Eric Rosenbaum: isn't carrying the whole.
Mike Sackton: Now we had it back.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah yeah.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well now, never dead you're like.
Timothy Sackton: you're like 500 feet from the wall of the city.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was good all right fine we run out.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you.
Mike Sackton: Know know.
Mike Sackton: who's the best at who's going to get us out the most effectively.
Mike Sackton: three of us are going in the hole and somebody.
Mike Sackton: We going with handling, are we going with.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mention door myself out, can I.
Eric Rosenbaum: tim's that you're suggesting.
Timothy Sackton: And one other person.
Eric Rosenbaum: And one other person.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on their use this one before we just all get in the hole and just found out here.
Mike Sackton: We go with the whole there's what vanishes were like Fuck what happened, I played failed we go back in the hole you that take the whole dimension door secrets already.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's 500 feet range, so I can say i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just the far side of the wall maximum distance on the ground.
Schwartz: But you vanish let's get closer to the wall first so that you're further out festival.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So you run you like run to the wall now you see that the guards, the major guards that are watching the wall, or like looking around.
Timothy Sackton: You know, some message has been sent and they're they're looking at the roads, the road leading out and you, you seek our runs like up basically to the sort of.
Timothy Sackton: alleyway that runs alongside the wall and then just takes a step through a portal and appears like 400 feet on the other side of the wall, with the portable Hall, and when you just start running.
Mike Sackton: don't that's too obvious, you should just.
Timothy Sackton: Just casually start.
Mike Sackton: yeah I mean we want to go North but yes casually start walking south.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's daytime.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, data there's a fair better track, I mean this is one of the main roads in and out of charleston there's a fair bit of traffic.
Timothy Sackton: You know a few people you like appear in the middle of like a farmer's field.
Timothy Sackton: Few people kind of look at you, strangely, but nobody's like made the connection there's no you're far enough from the gates that there's no sign of commotion.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have like blood and like gravel embedded in my skin.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah read healing.
Timothy Sackton: Inside of my face they think you like fell out of the sky there's like one of these farmers is like looking up like.
Timothy Sackton: we're all from.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just brush myself off and casually stroll and try to like follow the walking pattern of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another person like falling behind.
Timothy Sackton: Make it make it deception check with event.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God, how did that happen.
Eric Rosenbaum: I trip in.
Timothy Sackton: The people kind of look at you a bit strangely and you're definitely starting to draw like a bit of attention, as you as you walk like somebody like that dwarf just fell from the sky.
Eric Rosenbaum: And like.
Timothy Sackton: People are kind of looking around.
Timothy Sackton: Nobody from the top, nobody from charting has come out it's just the travelers on the.
Eric Rosenbaum: I reassure everybody that i'm doing just fine and i'm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just have for for a stroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: You surreptitiously brushing my face off.
Timothy Sackton: yeah I mean you're drawing more and more attention, as you begin to walk like you know the rumor is spreading you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there any jamia.
Timothy Sackton: He came from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Certainly covered in your by simply sit down.
Timothy Sackton: There is, I mean this is like fields and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can you can make yourself invisible, are you like the Delano.
Mike Sackton: morph into it out.
Our oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you, there you go, please, yes or probably morph into our rock and just you.
Mike Sackton: know that will do us any good.
Schwartz: 10 minutes of air inside the whole.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're down to about eight minutes of Aaron said, the whole.
Mike Sackton: won't be should pie morph into an animal that's not going to remember to.
Mike Sackton: free us from the damn whole.
Timothy Sackton: Well, a giant eagle has an intelligence that's perfectly.
Kate: And then.
Mike Sackton: He goes a little big.
Schwartz: Little visible.
Mike Sackton: You might want to go with like I don't know what the intelligence of a Raven is.
Kate: fro yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I carry gear melds into the new form Okay, so I need to probably morph and then unpolished morph in order to get everybody out of the whole um, are there any animals visible nearby.
Timothy Sackton: um.
Timothy Sackton: No, but.
Timothy Sackton: Well, I mean there's.
Timothy Sackton: army.
Eric Rosenbaum: mm hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: and become a.
vulture.
Timothy Sackton: Are you going so like just a normal birds.
Timothy Sackton: That will.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have these.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should go into intelligent bird.
Timothy Sackton: You got to go for something that's like.
Timothy Sackton: giant eagles giant vultures giant owls all are pretty intelligent.
Mike Sackton: But there's some.
Mike Sackton: Regular birds that are pretty intelligent.
Mike Sackton: According to the D amp D.
Timothy Sackton: yeah it's a like a chrome or a Raven.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh i'll become a crow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And we're reflecting glass columns.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: He will come up see if we could have beat them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Know i'm drawing the room, and I was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was trying to draw the.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The token.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: event.
Timothy Sackton: That they were like stained glass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: With a token back up.
Timothy Sackton: yeah right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so I cast polymorphous on myself and become a crow and take off flying with the the full intention, just as I transform of landing as a crow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Outside the nearest structure, but in its shelter, but I can see, so the fly less than a mile.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wide like really far away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Like really far away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I can fly for a few minutes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Before you run out of air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's right okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: um so I need to just fly out of line of sight and land somewhere and then change back and then get you guys out.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's that's the that's the plan I tell my crow self.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you you remember, I mean crows are pretty smart you've got enough about you've got object permanence and stuff you have enough to.
Timothy Sackton: Like you know what you're looking for you fly maybe you do.
Timothy Sackton: Not necessarily have a good sense of time rola ra di.
Eric Rosenbaum: O and well everybody suffocates okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we've been rolling like hell today.
Mike Sackton: What we're about to die from suffocation we're all going in the mirror of soul traveling.
Schwartz: That will explode and.
Timothy Sackton: You only you only fly for two minutes before you see a.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, something shiny.
Timothy Sackton: You see behind there's like a small there's like a stable and there's some.
Timothy Sackton: Like some.
Timothy Sackton: Like abandoned horseshoes like us towards Jesus behind stable that are like shining the sun you sort of fly down and you land and then you're like oh wait now let's do something, and you.
Timothy Sackton: mean the only way, you can get up the whole is to turn back into seeker yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep um.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's get we're probably half mile away at this point.
Timothy Sackton: yeah you're you're a good half mile from the gate and your have a little bit of shelter.
Eric Rosenbaum: That was the intention, so I I change back and.
Eric Rosenbaum: forth the whole so there's to pop everyone out again or whatever it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: You just broke.
Timothy Sackton: down on the ground and everybody claims out.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I actually did the music good.
Timothy Sackton: Oh yeah now we can.
Mike Sackton: meet to get a lot further away from charted before we're going to feel safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: You flip back to the actual map, I mean we need to I need to go to bed too.
Timothy Sackton: yeah yeah yeah we don't I mean we we can we can stop here, and you can plan your escape on the cave.
Timothy Sackton: If you if there's something you want to do just if there's some like think simple.
Timothy Sackton: plan you want to make in terms of like where you're.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Are you really deliver, are you going ahead, just.
Mike Sackton: I think we.
Mike Sackton: So I mean my plan was.
Mike Sackton: Whoever is the least conspicuous probably well be, but I mean if we could, if we could get somewhere where we can take a short break and we'll find out hidey hole to take a short rest.
Mike Sackton: Then.
Mike Sackton: We could.
Mike Sackton: That we could turn three of us invisible.
Mike Sackton: We could, and we could get two hours.
invisible.
Mike Sackton: Right or, in fact, we could be invisible forever if we want right you could march all day and visible by dealt with casting and visible to us for an hour walking for an hour taking a short rest for an hour why cast another invisible.
Mike Sackton: And then regain two slots and then walk for an hour and visible.
Mike Sackton: And then.
Mike Sackton: Take a short rest slowly regain so I mean we could in theory.
Mike Sackton: Effectively stay invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: fence exactly how we're being tracked but yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, I don't think I mean if the entire might have charted is after us with that right we've got to assume that Bastos isn't gonna be like.
Mike Sackton: deadly focused on destroying us.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right so yeah I think marching off invisible sensible.
Mike Sackton: it's just one of us has to be visible, so I think, well, I mean while we get X get baxter out, we never took them out of the mirror right.
Schwartz: yeah.
No.
Mike Sackton: Absolutely right So while we could just ride along on baxter right.
Mike Sackton: With the three invisible folks The only thing is, you have to you have to wait resting for an hour every hour.
Mike Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: that's my idea.
Mike Sackton: traveled like that all day.
Mike Sackton: are really.
Mike Sackton: All day and night heading towards like we want to kind of circle around towards the river and then we want to find, then we want to hope that we're far enough away, I think we have to send some letters to charmin should really send like a letter to the people we knew and matt like.
Mike Sackton: what's your name Brasilia, we should like Sandra letter that says.
Mike Sackton: house those is like something's.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wrong yes oh yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But it also says in league with like fucking dark forces and.
Mike Sackton: We could write a letter describing what he's doing and basically say Faust doses either controlling him or a leak with him.
Mike Sackton: Read he.
Mike Sackton: falsely accused he went back at a deal with us tried to kill us in as a Houston.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, we can't do sending this when I was a freshman anymore yeah.
yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'd be contact contact us presumably reasonable contact us at some point soon.
Mike Sackton: Right after the after we go to the Cape because.
Mike Sackton: it's not going to be.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, but kickers in.
It.
Kate: or right now I could say.
Kate: I hope i'm very sorry that I wasn't able to bring you to safety with me.
Kate: i'm spending some time with my gods and i'll.
Kate: need to again someday.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah and then, once you're when you're able to use do sending again, can you send to all the people that we've met Brasilia.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hi so.
Mike Sackton: The other thing the other spelled out with can learn which Maybe I should take it's called dream Now let me have a conversation with anybody while they're dreaming for.
Mike Sackton: Eight hours.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah well that's a ryan's doing.
Mike Sackton: Maybe yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yeah so, by the way you all do level up level.
Schwartz: Nice.
Mike Sackton: Which means it's only for.
Mike Sackton: All of us can be visible.
Nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: guys, we are going to the fucking album for like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is so great, we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Never alternatives you guys all get to the fugitives charting.
Mike Sackton: actually think we should start like I think it'd be more fun to not to start on the Cape like up river, a bit like Can we just Is it reasonable to like just skip the next couple weeks and start somewhere random between here like what going up the river.
Mike Sackton: Yes, right like that just feels like a nicer started like.
Eric Rosenbaum: So suppose we made it.
Timothy Sackton: A little is 300 miles 370 miles to our dumb where night Nice is from that's where you want to start this.
Timothy Sackton: This.
Mike Sackton: I didn't even I didn't even necessarily don't even necessarily have to start and.
Timothy Sackton: No, no.
Timothy Sackton: that's where you're heading.
Mike Sackton: yeah well, I was just thinking like at some point.
Like.
Mike Sackton: Our plan is basically to.
Mike Sackton: I don't think we're gonna get a boat I think we're just gonna walk up river right right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, why don't we make a boat.
Mike Sackton: I just a boat up river is slow, not faster than walking right.
Mike Sackton: Okay, usually a boat going downriver fast, but like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see okay.
Mike Sackton: But presumably this traffic along the river it's not.
Timothy Sackton: Like yes quite a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And two cats, oh no this this cardone and major guard like are they going to be like hunting us all the way outside of charges or is it like normally like an entity type of thing.
Timothy Sackton: I mean made guard is controlled by the imperial forces, not the the universe it's unlikely they they would care enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But.
Eric Rosenbaum: directional issues.
Timothy Sackton: Whether Fausto decides to like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Boston is going to send some fucking people after us for sharing.
Eric Rosenbaum: People after you he'll hire some guys yeah.
Schwartz: So, but.
Schwartz: You know who's gonna get back to turn in just a couple of weeks.
Mike Sackton: yeah we could take those guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Come on weight loss took that and we had no spouse and.
Mike Sackton: Had it had a long rest.
Mike Sackton: We can know there were.
Schwartz: There were three of them I guess.
Mike Sackton: marcellus laughs.
Schwartz: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder how she's doing.
Eric Rosenbaum: But yeah.
Timothy Sackton: there's one left to.
Mike Sackton: that's true.
Eric Rosenbaum: wonder how merciless.
Timothy Sackton: um okay well let's stop here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because yeah.
Kate: To hide in the.
Kate: Forest just.
Kate: Did that okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well that's what i'm gonna do we're gonna go like it's gonna be great.
Timothy Sackton: So, as we end with the four of you on the run from charleston.
Timothy Sackton: receiving a message from Brisbane that she is safe and.
Timothy Sackton: elsewhere.
Timothy Sackton: But you can actually relate, I mean reserving could relay messages.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what we should do we should get we should.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should definitely get was responds and relay messages to.
Mike Sackton: Every let me hold on, let me just figure out what spells dealt with is taking first because of Dallas is gonna take dream, then.
Timothy Sackton: I thought you were thinking.
Mike Sackton: Well, I can take to.
Mike Sackton: Cast I haven't cast hacks.
In.
Mike Sackton: 10 1215 sessions something like that.
Mike Sackton: and never use it, why keep it around right hacks doesn't really feel dealt with the anyways not really a cursing kind of guy.
Mike Sackton: Even though.
Mike Sackton: He is in fact at first class, but like so I was going to try it out take two spots I just don't know if it's trying and dream, or if it's spraying, and like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All that just just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just to play this out a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right, whether it's dream or yeah or the mess that we're rob is what does that what we're gonna do is we're going to send messages to resell you to focus everybody that we talked to off car um.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess, this is.
Mike Sackton: Our day to day.
Eric Rosenbaum: yep.
Mike Sackton: I don't have to listen, but we shouldn't work.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because, as they otherwise would be employed in.
Mike Sackton: Western already like in his grass.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Now they're not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They don't see burkett.
Timothy Sackton: robbie's been a lot of time with the hidden.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah no they didn't know what's going on, they don't really know it's fun.
Timothy Sackton: They didn't know what's going on, and you got the sense from at least while be like practicing archery would be like you're you are much better than others.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah ask how the.
Timothy Sackton: fourth or fifth level.
Schwartz: Halfway never tells.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: us that we send messages to all of them, and just tell them everything right we tell them about Rosh we tell them that milestones and lead with rush right.
Kate: I mean long messages or is dealt with having long dreams or am I sending short settings that are based.
Mike Sackton: let's.
Kate: figure this out, I feel.
Mike Sackton: Like we could take, we can take a few minutes to figure this out next session or over you.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah yeah.
Mike Sackton: And we should have.
Timothy Sackton: got the idea here is that you snuck invisibly around to the river and we will pick up next time with you.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Hopefully, like.
Timothy Sackton: opens some distance upstream from chart and yeah.
Mike Sackton: Like maybe two weeks after whatever.
Timothy Sackton: Whatever makes sense it's not going to be two weeks cuz fast punches are going to catch up for that pocket.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't don't, we have to drop off the eyes first.
Mike Sackton: No, no.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's a lot of the.
Day wow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Mike Sackton: Going into the Alvin forest finding a farewell.
Mike Sackton: portal and then.
Schwartz: traveling through right.
Eric Rosenbaum: We always have such good plans okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: What could possibly go.
love it yes.
Kate: Logging those things.
Schwartz: let's reframe just a SEC we accomplished everything we set out to do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally did we totally did.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We all your.
Timothy Sackton: Points away from.
Timothy Sackton: To party members dying that's pretty.
Mike Sackton: impressed but.
Schwartz: Right in handed our mortal enemies, the most powerful weapon imagine.
Mike Sackton: But look now it's about that power.
That.
Timothy Sackton: it's like an entire werewolf called traded the sector of power for suffering command for it.
Timothy Sackton: Remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah whoops but pastor was very interested in it, and he was like oh this wow yeah so.
Timothy Sackton: you'll just have to see what happens.
Mike Sackton: But it the werewolf called wanted to just I mean navy fastow's also wants to strike out right.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't sound like.
Mike Sackton: You can try pandemonium is the opposite of control.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right that's true.
Schwartz: We don't we don't know what he's about, though, I mean the cleanse may mean everything dies everywhere, like.
Mike Sackton: cut, in which case, maybe, that was a bad mood.
Eric Rosenbaum: What.
Schwartz: I wonder.
Schwartz: I wouldn't yeah I don't know it makes me think of the plague to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: drink Korean.
Kate: yeah drink Korean exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: not drink season and then to ask me i'm.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: good night everybody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Before we finish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another final drawing and wish you guys.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright, so we started here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In the middle of chart and.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then we hold on this is and then this is nihilists.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is a.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Georgia, the garden color.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is Rosalia.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is did too many disguise name or the Fuck this guy is.
Mike Sackton: A gateway.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, the illusionists of.
Eric Rosenbaum: magic DEMO.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: To magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I was nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That was pretty cool and then this is.
Eric Rosenbaum: The eyes and an ace.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the lightning bottle.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and you have that means to, by the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, oh yeah which we don't know what it is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I still have a chance to draw all this crazy shit fucking jumping out the window and i'll stuff I don't know if i'll.
Eric Rosenbaum: be writing down the side of the building and then tripping.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I feel like that's a pretty critical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: drop again but.
Timothy Sackton: You can also walk on water now kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wilson reenact that you know, once a year.
Eric Rosenbaum: So rather than the building.
Timothy Sackton: moment ah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I Why did I not rolling like I really wanted to roll a fucking critical funny to catch both of you and prevent that would have been like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: In that would have been great.
Timothy Sackton: They were falling too fast.
yeah.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: good night everybody.